					     CURRICULUM VITAE

AKHTAR HUSSAIN SHAIKH	703 Alka

  HYPERLINK "mailto:akhtarrs@gmail.com"  akhtarrs@gmail.com 	Virshi
Complex, Holycross Road

  HYPERLINK "mailto:akhtarrs@hotmail.com"  akhtarrs@hotmail.com 	I C
Colony, Borivli(w)

Mobile-09920046777

				         		

OBJECTIVE:

       Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the
Information Technology Industry that offers Professional growth while
being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

 EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

1. Working as  Sr. Software Developer at SRD INFOTECH Mumbai from
October 2005 to till date

2. Worked as a Software trainer and Center Manager at Microtech Orissa
from July 2001 to July 2005

3. Software developer with 36 Months experience in designing and
development of Desktop (Client/Server) and PDA applications (Pocket PC &
Windows CE) using VB, VB.NET, Crystal Report and with MsAccess, Ms-SQL
Server as back-end based on Barcode and RFID Technology. Have good
knowledge on Developing and Designing any type of application, Writing
Stored Procedures and Database Designing.

4. Having an excellent experience on providing Barcode solution and
Having the experience of programming various handheld devices, biometric
device and RFID Device.



Current Salary		: 12000/- per Month

Expected Salary	: 20000/- per Month

ACADEMIC PROFILE:

1. PGDCA from Microtech Orissa, India with 89%



COMMERCIAL PROJECT DETAILS DEVELOPED INDIVISUALY:    

PROJECT-1

Project	Retail Shop Management System (Smart_Retail) supermarket
concept.

(Smart_Retail_Plus) for Electronics goods and (Smart_Retail_Pro)
developed in VB.net and Ms-sql-server 2005 with crystal report.

Type	Commercial Software

Environment	VB,VB.Net-2005, Ms-Access/Ms-Sql Server-2000/2005, Crystal
Report

Duration	3 months

Project Description	The application is developed for Retail shop to
maintain multiple companies with multi financial year in a single
application with Barcoding system.

The Application have the following activities. (1) In a retail shop it
can maintain real time stock using barcode. (2) Very user friendly
inward outward system with full control like addition, modification,
deletation, with proper data management (3) Flexibility in reports (4)
Maintain customer and suppliers accounts (5) User rights, security etc.
(6) Embedded searching system.

The main feature of the software is that it is pirated proof no one can
crack this application, I used my own security system.





PROJECT-2

Project	Cold Storage Warehousing Management System (Smart Warehousing)

Type	Commercial Software

Environment	VB, Ms-Access/Ms-Sql Server-2000, Crystal Report

Duration	2 months

Project Description	The application is developed for handling any large
cold-storage and control the Inventory as well as Location and
transports with Barcode systems. The main purpose is to solve the manual
errors while tracking the goods location and Inventory.

The Application have the following activities in a coldstorage having
many chambers with different temperature : 1. Userdefine locations with
different chambers, Racks and Shelves. 2. Print Barcode Labels for goods
and Location 3. Inventory Inward and Outward with bill calculation and
print. 4. All flexibility in report that is all types of report can be
generated e.g. Location Details, Particular goods in a location,
Transporter and Transport Details, Chamber wise goods tracking reports
etc.





PROJECT-3

Project	Optical and Ophthalmic management software (Vision-Eye) 

Type	Commercial Applicatoin

Environment	VB, Microsoft Access/Ms-Sql Server-2000, Crystal Report,
Windows-XP

Duration	2 months

Project Description	Vision-Eye is exclusive software for computerization
of Optical. It includes Ophthalmic Management Module, Patient Details,
Prescription Module, Stock Management as well as Sales Invoicing and
Order New Job etc

Different types of classification in items like Frames, Lens, Contact
lens barcoding, with patent details, Prescription. All the items are
barcoded. The barcode label print and scan from the software, Dily,
monthly, between dates, category wise, patient wise salesman wise
reports and many other features



PROJECT-4

Project	Garments Manufacturing Management software

Type	Commercial Application

Environment	Visual Basic, Microsoft Access/Ms-Sql Server-2000 , Crystal
Report-10, Windows-XP

Duration	3 months

Project Description	This application is developed to manage Garment
Manufacturing Systems having Factory Module, Store Module, Sales Module
etc.

Factory Module

At Factory finished goods are tracked with category wise ID and print
Labels.

When it sent to Store again all the items are rescan whether it is ok or
not

Then if the items are ok it goes to Finished goods godown otherwise goes
to seconds godown.

Store Module

The goods in the godown are tracked by its Fabric types, colour, size
and type

Physical stock category wise

Sales Module

At the time of sale first Order form is prepared

User define Taxes

As per the order if the items are available challan is prepared

Then packinglist is made as per the packing box

Finally invoice is generated

Reports

Sales Register : Sales Report, Partywise, statewise, itemswise,
monthwise.

Invoice Register : Invoice Report, Partiwise report

Return : Return Inward, return outward

Order: Partywise, Itemwise

Agent report

Closing stock 

Pending orders

Pending Payments etc





PROJECT-5

 

Project	Stores &  Retail Management (InvoInventory)

Type	Commercial Application

Environment	Visual Basic, Microsoft Access/Sql Server-2000

Duration	2 months

Project Description	      This project is developed for retail
management traders. Following is the structure of this project. Item
classification : Different types of classifications can be given along
with item code and item name. User Defined Taxes : Not only
State-Sales-Tax (SST) and Central Sales Tax (CST), user can define his
own taxes and at any time we can set the tax percentages. Point-at-Sales
: Generates Bill at the point of sale, with all details including
customer details, salesman details, discounts etc. User can set his own
bill format.  Stock Transfer : Stock can be transferred between any
location of the company. All the locations are done automatically. 
Re-Indexing : If any invoice is cancelled or deleted, Re-Indexing of the
invoice numbers are taken care by the system.  Sales and Packing - Sales
return and purchase returns.  Item wise stock details - With regards to
sales and purchase Stock report with quantity and rate for any given
date range.



PROJECT-6

Project	Jewelry Sales and Marketing Management (JewelMart)

Type	Commercial Application

Environment	Visual Basic, Microsoft Access, Crystal Report 8.5,
Windows-XP

Duration	2

Project Description	This application is developed for Jewelry Marketing.
It is purely image management software. To create different jewelry
catalogs of different types of jewelries with jewelry Id, sales
category, set type, Metal type (Gold, Diamond, Pearl, Platinum etc)

This project is developed for Jewelry Work Centers. This has user
defined Operations and Routings, user defined route requirements like
material, Marketing :- Finished Goods Enquiries, Quotations, Orders,
Order processing, Sales. Production Planning & Control :- Production
Scheduling (Includes scheduling of all resources), User defined
production Lots, Lot-Routing, Bill of Material. Materials Management :-
Issue of Material, Indent generation, Purchase Enquiries, Quotations,
Quotation analysis, Purchase Order, Receipt of Materials. Flexible
queries. Classification of Raw Materials, Semi Finished Goods and
Finished Goods in to user defined Classes and Types. Full inventory
management. Production status of orders including availability of
resources. Display catalog with item type, type of material used, price
range.





PROJECT-7

Project	Insurance Policy Management Software for Max New York Life 

Environment	Visual Basic, Microsoft Access

Duration	2 months

Project Description	This project is developed for Max New York Life
Insurance. Reinstatement: When the renewal premium is not paid within
the grace period, the policy will be lapsed. If the policy is lapsed it
will be made active during reinstatement process. The process starts
from the reinstatement query/request from DES, submission of
reinstatement application form, underwriting, calculation of premium due
and interest and fees to be paid for reinstatement to make the policy
active. Reports for the same would also be available through the RDB
system. Reinstatement Acceptance Letter, Reinstatement Voluntary
Cancellation Letter, Re-instatement Incomplete Cancellation Letter,
Reinstatement Refund Letter, Decline Letter, Cheque Dishonour,





PROJECT-8

Project	Mobile Printing Solution in Palmtop using Bluetooth printer

Type	Commercial Application

Environment	VB.Net

Duration	15 Days

Project Description	The application is developed for a pocket PC for the
purpose of mobile printing with a mobile printer with Bluetooth
connectivity



And many other Desktop and PDA application have been developed
individually and with other developers. 

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

OPERATING SYSTEM	Windows-XP, Windows-2003 Server

LANGUAGE KNOWN	Visual Basic, VB.Net-2003/2005, Java, C, C++, Foxpro

WEB SKILLS 	FRONT PAGE, HTML

DATABASE KNOWN	Microsoft Access, Ms-SQL Server, Oracle

DESKTOP	MS-OFFICE, PAGE MAKER 7.0, COREL-DRAW, INSTANT ARTIST 

	PRINT ARTIST, INPAGE(URDU LANGUAGE),	SHREELIPI&AKRUTI(REGIONAL ANGUAGE)

	ANIMATION-SHOP & PHOTO-SHOP

ACCOUNTING	TALLY 7.2 & ACCORD

OTHERS	Label printing applications BarTender, Crystal Report etc

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Date of Birth			: 12/06/1980

Father’s Name	: Abdul Jabbar Shaikh

Permanent Address	: Talbarai, Krushnanandapur, Jagatsinghpur,
Orissa-754135

Language Known	: English, Hindi, Urdu, Oriya

Sex	: Male

Marital Status	: Single

Nationality	: Indian

Strength	: Team facilitator, Sincere, Confident, Hardworking

DECLARATION:    

                I do hereby declare that the above information given by
me is true and I am also solely responsible for its accuracy.						

										

Akhtar Hussain Shaikh

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

