Resume

        						     Jalindar Ravsaheb Pawar

              							 Room no. 3, Pande Chawl,										 Ghartan Pada no
-2,

 								 Sant. Mirabai Marg,

                                     Near Kamla Print,

                                     Dahisar (E), Mumbai. 68

                                     Mob. – 9224341322

                                     Email- jalindar_pawar@yahoo.co.in

Summary	

Over 2+ years of experience in software development using VB.Net, SQL
server & Oracle. 1 year experience in VB development. Currently working
in TSR Darashaw Ltd. Mumbai as Software Engineer.

Education

Bachelor of Computer Science (B.C.S).

Technical Skills

O.S.		                          Win98, Win XP, Win2000, Win 2000 NT

Software	                          C, C++, Visual Basic 6.0, VB.NET,
Oracle 8, SQL SERVER 2000,

                                                    MS-ACCESS, Tally 6.3

Professional Experience : 

     Apr. 2007    - till date          TSR Darashaw Ltd. Mahalaxmi,
Mumbai.

     Designation                          Software Engineer

     March 2006 –  30th March 2007   Webify-Services (India) Pvt Ltd. 
Seepz, Andheri (E), Mumbai.    

     Designation                                     Software Executive

     Dec. 2004  – Feb. 2006          Altius InfoTech, Andheri (E),
Mumbai.    

     Designation                            Software Developer

     Nov. 2002 – Nov. 2004          Samarth Computer Academy,
Someshwarnagar.

     Designation                            Software Developer /
Computer Instructor

Project Details :

Project I                      Platinum Payroll      

Client		          TSR Darashaw Ltd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai.  

Description	           This system is used to generate payroll of
employees. This system

Import all Employees related data sent by customers in

Excel file format. According to this data it generates pay slip for
every

Employee in PDF & Text Pad format. Also used to add single employee

Record, modification & deletion of imported data. Generates various
reports.

Contribution	           Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                      Reports

Environment               Windows NT, VB.Net, Oracle 8i, Crystal
Reports.

Duration      	            April 2006 – May 2006

Project II	 Artist Management System

Client			 Sony BMG ,  Mumbai .

Description		The project consisted for two modules Artist Management &
Cover Management. The system is designed to keep track of all Artists,
Organizers, Royaltors  & also all information about CDs released. It
keeps track of all Stage shows, Inaugurations & other functions done by
Artists & its Organizer. Another module has information about Audio Cds,
its song tracks & Royaltors. It also generates cover letter for Artists,
Organizers & Royaltors. 

Contribution	             Involved in form design, coding and Database
design.  

Environment	Windows NT, Asp.Net, SQL server 2000, Crystal Reports.

Duration      		 March 2006 to April 2006

Project III		Asset Management Project

Client			Creative Steel Company (Andheri (E), Mumbai)

Description	This software intends to provide all the requirements used
in a Medium level Companies. Keeping track of all the Masters such as
Client Master, Material Master etc. Keeping track of Purchase Order
taken, Quotation given, Job work done by the Vendor, Sales Order given
to the client, Challan generated while moving the goods out of Factory
and Invoice generated to keep the track for all the taxes paid for the
goods while giving it to the client. All the transactions that are
performed are been calculated and stored. Also it Keeps all track about
Material stock & Material movement. The reports for all these
transactions were generated after performing each task. I also done
Accounting part of this project such as voucher Entry form, Ledger
Master, Fixed Asset Master & related Accounting reports such as Cash/
Bank Book, Sales Register, Purchase Register, List all Creditors &
Debtors, Trail Balance, Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss report.

Contribution	            Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                       Reports

Environment	Windows NT, VB.Net, SQL server 2000, Crystal Reports.

Duration      		Sep.-2005 to Feb.-2006

Project IV	Industrial Production Planning System

Client			Prima Steels Pvt. Ltd. Andheri (E), Mumbai

Description	This software intends to provide all the requirements used
in a Medium level Companies. Keeping track of all the Masters such as
item master, Process Master, Client Master, Sales Order taken from
clients. This project mainly designed to keeping track of all process,
time for every process for creating any item. According to process &
Target date of Sales Order the process plan generated automatically with
accurate time required for process & plan the processes in sequential
order as per requirement of Product. It also keeps all track about
delays in process & cause of delay.

Contribution	            Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                      Reports	

Environment	Windows NT, VB.Net, SQL server 2000, Crystal Reports

Duration      		May 2005 to Aug 2005

Project  V	Credit Society Banking Project.

Client	Pathpedi Sanstha (Islampur)

Description	The vocabulary used in the project is English and Marathi,
which is done in Arial Font and Kiran Font. This software intends to
provide all the basic requirements used in a Bank. All the transactions
that are performed are been calculated and stored. The major role was to
design the Master forms and transactions such as Receipt taken and
Payment given to the customer and Yearly Balance Transfer process.
Keeping track of all transactions done by the customers. Giving
validation for the customer if he can debit certain amount of money from
his account. In the event of failure or an error in the coding of the
forms, Analyze and solve the problem.

Contribution	            Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                      Reports.

Environment	Windows NT, VB.Net, SQL server 2000, Crystal Reports

Duration      		Dec. 2004 to April 2005

Project VI                      College Admission System

Client	 M.S.Kakade College, Someshwarnagar.	

	

Description	              This is small project used only for keeping a
track of class wise information  

                                         of student  with subjects they
have taken. It generate reports like Class 

                                         wise student list, Subject Wise
student list, Cast Wise Student List, 

                                         Scholarship, E.B.C, B.C, Free
Ship Student list & it also generate Catalog 

                                         for all classes.

Contribution	              Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                      Reports.

Environment                  Windows 2000, VB 6.0, MS-Access.

Duration      	  June 2003 to Aug. 2003

Project VII	Library Automation System

Client	M.S.Kakade College, Someshwarnagar.	

	

Description	This is project used for Library keeping a track of all
Books in Library. It generate reports like Books List, Subject Wise Book
List, Papers & periodicals List. All transaction of books given & return
from students. It also generate defaulters list.

Contribution	            Database Design, Designing forms, Coding,
Testing, Generating 

                                       Reports.

Environment	             Windows 2000, VB 6.0, MS-Access.

Duration      	             April 2003 -  May  2003

Personal Details: 

Gender                         Male 

Marital Status             Married

Date of Birth 	            13th March 1981

Nationality	             Indian

Languages known  	English, Hindi, Marathi.					

             																							Jalindar R. Pawar

	

 PAGE   

 PAGE   4 

