RÉSUMÉ

Name: Manisha Palaskar				

E-mail: manisha_410@rediffmail.com	        	            Mobile No.:
9867451874

		

Objective:

	Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment
with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself
fully and realize my potential. 



Academics:

	

MCA: Master of Computer Application From Amaravati University with First
Class [65.00%] in 2004.

BSC: Bachelor of Science from Shri Shivaji Science college, Amaravati
with First Class [62.00%]





Technical Skills:

	Languages	 Visual Basic 6.0 

Database 	 SQL Server 2005, Oracle 8i,  

Frameworks 	 . Net Framework (VB.Net, ASP.Net)

O.S.	 Windows 9x, Win2k, Win Xp, Linux					

Other	 Crystal Reports 8.5 



Work Experience:  Currently Working as Software Engineer in

                                  Intellvisions Software Ltd. 

		       Andheri (E), Mumbai 

August 2005 – Till Date	(23 months)

Intellvisions Software Limited (An ISO 9001- 2000 Company)

Intellvisions Software Limited (ISL) provides self-service Automation
products that enable customers to automate routine transactions. These
include Utility payment kiosks, Surveillance Systems, Q-Management
systems to complete Self Banking Machines.

Project Undertaken

#1: Dynamic Queue Management Terminal 6.0 (Opti-Q).  

       Duration:	 1.2 Year 

Technologies:	 Visual Basic 6.0, SQL Server 2000 & Crystal Reports 8.5 

                 This machine dynamically regulates the Queues while
giving you a 360-degree view of

   your customers, employee efficiency and service offerings. This
system is designed to call tokens on

   the basis of priorities assigned to services and customers. It also
generates reports giving details of 

   the daily transactions. This system has multiple clients logging in
to the main system to call the tokens. 

   The reports analyses the performance of the operators and the turn
around time involved in serving 

   customers. The Admin module controls the mapping of the services to
various counters and ensures

   backup to the data that is generated and it gives detailed statastics
about the waittime and services 

   selected.

    

       With Opti-Q, you can Cost-Effectively: -

1) Manage Queues in real time

2) Differentiate VIP customers for preferential treatment

3) Active Load balancing at Teller Counters and etc.

4) Judging Employees Performance and improving service timings

       Features:

Single token for multiple services. 

Inform customers with expected time to service his request. 

Audio and visual notification of called tokens. 

Differentiate customers for preferential treatment. 

Real-time Statistics available to Floor Manager. 

Advertisements, tickers on the display screen. 

Detailed statistics on Wait time, Average time to service per customer. 

Clients: ICICI Bank, HDFC, HSBC, SBI, Airtel, Tata Indicom, Solectron,
Spice, BSNL,

             Bright Point, Ruby Hall Clinic, GE Finance (Touch Screen
Module),

             Emirates Bank of Dubai (Touch Screen Module), CBI, RTA
(Dubai), Rajkot Railway  

             Reservation System.

My Role: Team Leader

 Designing of OPTIQ

 Database Design & Development in SQL Server

 Worked on features like downloading the central server setups 

 Provided various provisions for tellers like Pause, Switch To, Out of
Turn, Redirection of Tokens.

 Maintaining the whole month’s transaction Reports and overall
footfall of the branch and 

  Performance of the employees also. 

 The system also generates necessary reports as per management
requirement.





Dynamic Reporting SubModule  ASP.Net 

       Duration:	 1 month

Technologies:	 ASP. Net & SQL Server 2000 & Crystal Report 

 This module dynamically Selects the columns to display and dynamically
selects the groups on which the report should be based. This system
generates the necessary Reports as per management requirement.

 Clients: Emirates Bank of Dubai,  Islamic Bank Of Dubai





Customer Feedback System  Visual Basic  

       Duration:	 3 months

Technologies:	 Visual Basic 6.0, SQL Server 2000  

 This system takes input from customers in a questionnaire through
multiple terminals. Inputs from all the terminals are merged and
detailed statistical report of the customer feedback.

 Clients: HSBC Bank





Work Experience: 8 months

Role                      : Junior Programmer 

Company Name    : Mascot Technologies 

		      Santa Cruz (E), Mumbai

December 2004 – July 2005	

 	

#1:ERP Project for      M-Link Systems Ltd. 

       Duration:	 6 months

Technologies:	 Visual Basic 6.0 and SQL Server 2000

       This is an ERP Project for the ATM & Cash Dispenser hardware
Company. Project also includes the Inventory & sales module and
insurance related work. The application generates the monthly & yearly
reports. 

   The system also generates necessary report as per management
requirement. 

My Role: 

 Understanding the architecture of the system.

 Designing GUI.

 Maintaining the whole year transactions and Purchase Module.



Academic Project 1

SP Technologies, Pune

January 2004 – June 2004

#1:Transaction Monitoring System for  Credit Society 

	       Duration:	 6 months

Technologies:	 Visual Basic, MS Access, Crystal Report.

This is transaction-monitoring system for a credit society. The GUI of
this project was built in Devnagri script. The system also generates
necessary report as per management requirement.

My Role: 

 Complete Development of the System



Academic Project 2

RTO Office

#2: Registration SubModule for RTO Office in Amravati.

	Technologies:	 Visual Basic , MS Access

This module is used for registering new two wheelers in Regional
Transport Office. The registration process of two wheelers is less time
consuming using this module.

My Role: 

 Design & Development of application.

 Coordination with team members.





Achievements:

	Completed all tasks successfully and before deadlines & developed
relations with team members.



Personal Information:

	Name:	Manisha Palaskar

D.O.B:	24th  March 1981

Nationality:	Indian

Marital Status: 	Married

Languages:	English, Hindi & Marathi

 Address:	Flat No. 30/004, VSNL Quarters, Near New Oshiwara Police
Station,

Oshiwara, Andheri (W), Mumbai – 102

Mobile No.: 	9867451874

                           E-mail: 	manisha_410@rediffmail.com



