ASHWINI MOHAN

14, Shyam Ashish, 

Saraswat Colony, 

Navare Puranik Road, 

Dombivli (East) 

Pin - 421 201, 

District - Thane, India.

Tel No – 91251 – 2473287 

Mobile No – 9881061773

Email – ashwini.mohan@hotmail.com / ashwathi.mohan@gmail.com

Personal Statement:

I have a great passion for reading and analyzing human behavior. 

Profile:

I am a willing learner with a questioning mind and am eager to prove my
mettle in all that I take up.

My amicable personality, self-confidence and positive attitude help me
along the way.

I believe in keeping myself professionally updated at all times,
imbibing new ideas and putting them into practice, thereby contributing
to the success of the Organization.

Currently working as a Technical Writer for Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.

Working knowledge of XML, Java, Advanced Java, J2ME, VB.Net, and
ASP.Net, C++, SQL Server 2000, WAP, and WML, AutoCAD2006 and 2007, and
VC#. 

Well versed in Robohelp, Camtasia Studio, SnagIt, Adobe Framemaker,
Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat, and Sound Forge.

Specific skills:

Excellent inter-personal communication.

Proven analytical thinking.

An enthusiastic and effective team player with a ‘can do’ attitude
resulting in delivery of tangible results.

Education Qualification:

Currently completing Software Quality Testing Analyst course from SQTL
(Mumbai)

GNIIT from NIIT Mumbai - 2005

Bachelor of Arts with specialization in Psychology from Mumbai
University - 2003

Projects worked on:

Psychology:

Case study on Cancer Patients from Indian Cancer Society

Case study on Performance Appraisal from Indian Cancer Society 

GNIIT:      

Developed a Chat Application using Java               

Developed a code for mobile device using J2ME

Professional Experience:

TASC Consulting Pvt. Ltd, A - 404, Mangalya, Off Marol – Maroshi Road,
Opp Marol Fire Station, Andheri (East), India.

March 2006 - To August 2006: Technical Writer

TASC Consulting Pvt. Ltd, a Mumbai-based company established in 1995,
provides technical writing, courseware development and training
solutions to the likes of Intel, Microsoft, Oracle, Quark, Mastek, HCL,
Polaris and more. The experienced team excels in executing projects -
large and small - for clients around the world.

Nature of Assignments:

Documenting a payroll system at the client side for TSR Darashaw Ltd,
Mumbai.

Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd, (An SEI CMM Level 5 Company), Kumar Cerebrum,
Kalyani Nagar, Pune, India. 

August 2006 – Till Date: Technical Writer

Cybage is a leading offshore software services company, offering
solutions that accelerate, simplify and enrich business processes to
give its customers an edge over competition. Our success is built on a
pool of over 1800 brilliant software professionals. Based on a
remarkable record of quality, consistency, and outstanding technological
prowess, we have partnered with over 200 global software houses of fine
repute. Our expertise across domains, combined with our vast experience
and a full-service portfolio, has helped create seamless solutions for a
clientele spread across 4 continents.

Nature of Assignments:

Created tutorials for AutoCAD2CAM features.

Created online help for some AutoCAD features.

Currently working with AutoCAD.

Extra Curricular Activities: 

An active Youth Wing member of the Sri Satya Sai Seva Samiti (Dombivli)
and have participated in various Social Service activities.

Hobbies: 

Music, Reading, Traveling, and Visiting new places

