    NIDHIN CHANDY EAPEN

302, AAYI NIVAS, SECTOR – 6, NERUL, NAVI MUMBAI- 400706	 PHONE: +91
09833206513, EMAIL: nidhince@rediffmail.com	

	

	

To learn and work at a competitive organization were I could use my full
range of programming skills and add value to the organization and
myself.

2 years of experience of programming in VB/VB.Net as front-end and SQL
2000/MS Access as back –end. Currently working as software developer
in Spectrum Software Solutions in Nerul, Navi Mumbai. 

Summary of Experience:

1) Company: SPECTRUM SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS

Business: The company undertakes business related software’s for
business solutions

Duration: Feb 2006 – Till Date

Designation: Software Developer

Details:

Software development for business requirements like Placement
Consultancies, Shipping Sector, Dietitian Software, etc.

Role:

      Role includes requirements gathering. Creating prototypes,
designing and coding, carry out feature enhancements and bug fixes,
writing user documentation, interaction with the customer to understand
business problems and requirements.

 

2) Company: TotStat Quality Consultants. (Cochin, Kerala)

Business: The company offers cutting-edge consultancy services and
training in quality management and related areas. The key product lines
of the company are software models for quick and smart implementation of
quality management systems and statistical quality control.

Duration: Dec 2004 – Sep 2005

Designation: Software Programmer

Details:

Software development for new functionalities and business requirements
of clients.

Nutrition Diet Software: - This software is intended to maintain the
nutrients of the diet that is consumed by the patient, maintains the
patients meal ticket and the KOT for the preparation of the food to the
chef. Also has the feature of the cyclic menu.

Maintaining the admission and discharge of the patients are also
included in this software. Another main feature is recipe preparation.
Here we can create a new recipe using ingredient list. Spenserian
evaluation is also present for the evaluation of the foods.

ISO Enabler: -Simplifies the monotonous and time consuming formalities
for ISO 9000. This is used to implement the quality management system as
per ISO 9001: 2000. It helps to reduce the required documentation work
and has a great orientation towards the customer satisfaction. ISO
Enabler can monitor the information of customer satisfaction as a
measure of system performance.

Major features of ISO Enabler are increased focus on top management
commitment and customer satisfaction, the emphasis on process within the
organization, and the introduction of the continual improvement
concepts.

TotStat 3.0: - It presents the easy and accurate way to total quality
management. It gives the quality performance through accurate use of
statistical techniques and technical documentation. This software helps
in the different phases of the production line to achieve the quality
and to improve the performance characteristic of the product.

The statistical tools used in this software are PPAP, FMEA, MSA, ANOVA,
SCATTER diagram and control chart etc. By using this tools the input
data’s are converted to the graphical representations. By verifying
these graphical the user can easily recognize and evaluate the existing
output of each phase and potential failure if a product. Using export
facility, the crystal report is exported as word file and also carries
out in effective documentation.

DBMS with SQL 2000 / MS Access

Visual Programming with VB and VB.NET

Seagate Crystal Report

Course	Institution	University	Duration	% Of Marks

MSc Computer Science	B.P.C college, Piravom, Kerala	M G University,
Kerala		2 Years	77



B.C.A	B.P.C college, Piravom, Kerala	M G University, Kerala		3 Years	61



Name			: Nidhin Chandy Eapen

E-Mail		: nidhince@rediffmail.com

				

Phone			: 09833206513

Present Address	: 302

				  Aayi Nivas

		Sector – 6

		Nerul

		Navi Mumbai – 400706

Permanent Address :Kallumkal (h)

				  Pothanicad P.O

			            Muvattupuzha

				  Eranakulam Dist

				  Kerala

				  Pin: 686671

Date of Birth	: 21/04/1981

Age			: 26 Years

Sex			: Male

Nationality		: Indian	

		

			I do here by declare that all the facts listed above are true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

							(NIDHIN CHANDY EAPEN)		

OBJECTIVE

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PROJECT EXPERIENCE

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

TECHNICAL SKILLS

PERSONAL DATA

DECLARATION	

