( +91 9819939457

Summary

IT Experience	2.8 year

Relocation & Travel	Open



Work Experience

Working  with Infomatics Services (I) Pvt. Ltd An ISO 9001-2000, Mumbai
Since Jan – 2007 till date   as  Software Engineer.

Worked with CIELMAC Pvt. Ltd, An ISO 9001-2000 Mumbai from  Sept  - 2005
to Dec - 2006   as  Software programmer.

Worked with JV software, Mumbai from  Nov - 2004 to Aug - 2005 as   

Jr. Programmer.

Worked with Sudarshan Chemical Industries Ltd., Pune from 

Jan - 2004 to July - 2004 as Trainee programmer



Skill Set

Languages	C, C++, Mf  COBOL

Other Technologies	Visual Basic6.0, PowerBuilder 8.0

Database	MS-access, SQL Server 2000, Oracle 9i, PL/SQL

Operating Systems	DOS 6.0, Windows 9x , Windows 2000/NT



Education and Credentials

 MCA

(Master of Computer Applications)

Shivaji University, Kolhapur.	

June 2004	

    55.11%

B.com

Shivaji University, Kolhapur.	

June 2001	

63%



Major Projects

1. Mfund (i-Manager)

       The i-Manager implemented in Standard Chartered Investments and
Loans (India) pvt,ltd,(SCILL) Mumbai. Developed in PB. SCILL is a
leading  Non Financial Banking Company (NBFC) in India.This  is
subsidiary of Standard chartered bank group of UK.

              i-Manager is daily transaction system of SCILL .

         As a software Engineer am working on various enhancement of the
system.

Direct interaction with client

Necessary changes and enhancement in   system

Analyses business requirements  

Creating functional specification/design document.

Creating tables as per the design   

Designing layouts of input screens and reports.

CORE Development of system

Client              -  Standard Chartered Investments and Loans (India) 

                            pvt,ltd,(SCILL) Mumbai.

  Environment  -  PB 8.0, Oracle 9i, PL/SQL

2. CBO - ERP system

         Material Management System :-

               The CBO (Cielmac Business Organizer) is an ERP software
application that helps small and mid-size manufacturing businesses
achieve increased productivity, lower costs, and happier customers. This
is the complete integration of planning, materials management and
procurement, manufacturing and financial 

business processes reduces costs and improves productivity, quality and
control within your operation.

	The material management system includes stores inventory system,
finished   

     good inventory and bill of material for production planning.

Inventory system includes material issue, receipt, managing the stock
levels, balance, allocation of material for sales orders.

  

       Production Planning:-

Functional requirement of the system includes Production Budget, BOM and
Costing. In production planning, the plan is prepared on the bases of
Sales order.  By passing parameters ‘from date’ and ‘to date’,
the sales orders are listed. User can choose to multiple sales orders to
create single production plan. There is a check kept on order quantity,
stock quantity and reserve quantity.  Based on the production plan Raw
material requirement is listed considering the purchase order pending
quantity and reserve quantity.  

According to the production plan the internal work order is generated
and internal requisition in batches for raw material is ordered.

         As a software programmer I am working on various enhancement of
the system.

Understanding and documenting requirements 

Creating functional specification/design document.

Creating tables as per the design   

Designing layouts of input screens and reports.

Developing the code for the system.

Creating Test plans as per business requirements

Successfully carried out the implementation of the system on client side
at ALTRET Performance Chemicals Pvt ltd, in Surat and bhuj. It is
working successfully.

   Client              -  CIELMAC Pvt Ltd, Mumbai

	                         ALTRET Performance Chemicals Pvt ltd. Surat

   Environment  -  PB 8.0, Oracle 9i, PL/SQL

3. HOPersonal: -

                 HOPersonal is the HR (Human Resource) product of JV
software working smoothly in various Cooperative banks. It used to keep
all records of bank employee since his joining of date till retirement.
There are various modules in HOPersonal like leave, salary, and income
tax. 

           As a software programmer I worked on various enhancement of
the system

Understanding and documenting requirements 

Creating functional specification/design document.

Creating tables as per the design   

Designing layouts of input screens and reports.

Developing the code for the system.

Creating Test plans as per business requirements

Successfully carried out the implementation of the system.

    Client            -  Sangali Sahakari bank ltd, Mumbai,

			  Shayadari co-op bank ltd, Mumbai.

			  Ichalkaranji Janata Sahakari bank ltd, Ichalkaranji,

			  Punjab and Maharashtra co-op bank ltd, Mumbai.	

                              

    Environment – VB 6.0, SQL SERVER 2000

Industrial Project:

1.SMART :-

   SMART (Sudarshan Master Activity Requisition Transfer) 

     There are five departments in Sudarshan-R&D, SCM, QUALITY, ACCOUNT 

And SALES. When any new purchase requisition come into company
authorized 

user of the every department supposed to be fill the information
regarding new 

Purchase requisition. SMART collect all materiel information, which
required to 

produce new requisition. SMART send the collective information to SAP
existing 

system. The SMART system display report as per user requirement. All
validation 

has done.

       Clients          -    Sudarshan Chemical Industries Ltd, Pune

      Environment -    VB 6.0, SQL SERVER 2000

 Personal Details

              Name                      :-     Suraj Vasant Lokhande

             Date Of Birth          :-     26 January 1981

             Marital Status         :-     Unmarried

             Nationality              :-     Indian

             Languages Known:-      Marathi, Hindi, English 

             Contact Address    :-     107,Ananda Ashram Bld, 

                                                   RG Thadani Road,
Worli               

                                                         Mumbai.        
                                

Suraj Lokhande                                                (
surajlokhande@yahoo.co.in

		Page   PAGE  2 

