Curriculum Vitae

AMIT SONI	                                                              
            304/F-6 Sector-9 Gharonda Colony

B.E(Comp.Sc)         	                                                  
        Navi Mumbai                                                     
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                       
Mob.No:- +91-9890284046

  Email: soni.be05@gmail.com

Objective:

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Software
Industry that offers Professional growth while being resourceful and
flexible.

Experience summary:

Currently working in Systime Globel Center Mumbai as programmer analyst
since 18th October 2006 

Previously worked in Spymek Software Pvt Ltd as a software Developer
from 4th June2005 to 16th October 2006.

Total 2.0 years of experience in development of Client/Server and
nternet/Intranet applications using technologies that includes Java,
Servlet, JSP and Struts.

Software/Languages/Databases	

Web Skills	J2EE(Servlet, JSP), Struts,  HTML, JavaScript 

Programming languages	C, C++, Core Java 

Servers	Tomcat- 5.5, Web Sphere 6.2

Operating system	Windows 2000Server,XP 

Database	Oracle9i,db2

IDE	Eclipse 3.1,Editplus 



Qualification 

B.E (CSE)  with 65.19% from Rajiv Gandhi Technical Univ., Bhopal (M.P.) 

H.S.S.C with 58.4% in PCM from M.P. Board. 

H.S.C. with 67.4% from M.P. Board.   

Projects

Project	apnaGSK

Client	Glaxo Smith Kline UK

Technologies	Servlet, JSP, JDBC, JavaScript, Web Sphere(6.2),Db2

Modules	Administration, Leave Application, Travel Booking, Pay slip,
Provident Fund,

News ,Expense Reimbursement

Responsibilities	Client Interaction ,Change Request ,Analysis, Design,
Coding



Description	apnaGSK is employee portal web intranet live application
that would make a ease to employee communication, information flow and
other employee related process such as Leave Application, request for
Travel Booking, request for conference room, News Flash, request for
cash reimbursement, request for travel advance, Travel Expense Filing,
Finance Closing Time Table, Organization Chart, Leave
report,payslip,PF,etc





Project	Digital Print Workflow Solution

Client	OCE North America 

Technologies	Struts, JSP,XML,Oracle9i, JDBC, JavaScript, Tomcat 5.5

Team Size	14 Members

Modules	Admin ,BOM , Shipping ,Mail , Menu, Dashboard, Inventory ,Order
Printing etc

Responsibilities	Analysis ,Design ,Coding

Description	Digital Print Workflow Solution is a web application project
 that give printing solution that contain binding ,printing ,Job no.,
job status ,Customer management that make easy to handle the customer
printing requirement .



Project	Pre-Sales Management System

Technologies	Servlet, JSP,EJB,Oracle9i, JDBC, JavaScript, Weblogic(8.1)

Team Size	8 Members

Modules	Administration, Production, Sales, Catlog , Account, Warehousing

Responsibilities	Analysis,Design,Coding(Front End, Server Side and
Business Logic)

Description	Pre-Sales Management is a web-application project. It is
based on ERP .It is managed Production, Salesteam, Catlog ,Account,
Warehousing. It makes a very easy for us to track sales activity and do
forecasting .It flagship sales automation application gives business the
upper hand with their sales data comprehensive and easy to customize.
Sales empowers companies to Manage people and process more effectively
so reps can close more deals. Real time analytics empower your business
to make better decisions. Instant global deployment for offline and
online use.



Product	Pune Properties

Technologies	Java, Struts, JSP,JDBC and Oracle9i

Duration	5 months

Team Size	8 Members

Product Scope	Pune Properties is web-product.. This product handles the
requirement of Builder and customer .It is helped by access database,
related to property selling, buying, and rent Searching the properties.
It is provide to you mailing facility and online quires and all
information of properties. You can find out any specification about
properties. If we purchase for investment summarized whole property in
any city and you make best decision for investment.

Responsibilities	As Analysis,Design,Coding(Front End, Server Side and
Business Logic



Project	e-shopping

Technologies	Java, Servlet, JSP, JDBC,Oracle9i, JavaScript, Tomcat

Team Size	2 Members

Responsibilities	 Analysis,Design,Coding

Duration	4 Months.	

Description	This project includes the development of a Website which
helps of customer online shopping as well as all information of product.




Personal Information	

Name 	Amit Soni

Date of Birth	01-January- 1981

Nationality	Indian

Gender	Male

Marital Status	Unmarried

Languages Known	English, Hindi

Address	50/1055 Shrinath ji ki krapa Khasgi Bazar Gwalior(M.P)          
                          

Email	  HYPERLINK "mailto:Soni.be05@gmail.com"  Soni.be05@gmail.com , 
HYPERLINK "mailto:Amitgwalior_2006@gmail.com" 
Amitgwalior_2006@gmail.com 





