Curriculum-Vitae

Itishree Kumari Sahu                                                    
                  itishreesahu@gmail.com

                                                                        
                                  91-9920961404                         

Summary:

I have 2 plus yrs of experience in application software development for
business needs.  During this period, I have been involved in
development, designing, coding. I am presently working with Adroit
Claretdence Infotech Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Software Engineer.

Professional Skills:

Operating System	 : Windows 2000, Windows NT, Unix

Language	 : Java

Technology 	:  EJB, Servlets, JSP, J2EE, xml     

Framework			 : MVC Architecture

RDBMS			 : Oracle 

Application & Web Server	 : WebLogic 8.1

Tools				 : Eclipse, TOAD

Work Experience:

S.N	Company name

	Designation	Duration

1.	Adroit Claretdence Infotech Pvt Ltd

	Software Engineer	May. 2005 – Till date



PROJECT EXPERIENCE (some important projects):

1. Project	Credit Card Analysis (IRGT)

Bank of Baroda, Mumbai

Duration	Aug 2006 to Till date

Environment	Java, EJB, JSP, Servlet, Weblogic, Oracle           

Role	Software Engineer

Description	This is a Online Credit Card Analysis known as Interactive
Report Generation Tool developed using MVC Architecture for Bank of
Baroda in which the user basically the banking analyst can make thorough
analysis of the Credit Cards Distributions (geographically, Sector
wise), Risky users, Profitability and Contribution, Funds blocked, Funds
returned, Rating Analysis and Overall business view. Thus the analyst
views the bad users and good users report and decide how much the credit
limit would be varied.





2. Project	Maharastra Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC)

Govt of Maharastra (Mumbai).

Duration	Nov 2005 to July 2006

Environment	Java, EJB, JSP, Struts, Oracle



Role	Software developer

Description	This project is for Govt of Maharastra. The main aim of the
project is to fully computerize the transportation system of the
Maharastra Govt, which includes 4 modules such as PIS, Stores, CWA and
IDMS. This system helps in optimizing the resources used by the govt.
All the 4 modules have their own functionalities. I worked on CWA module
which stands for Conductor Abstract Waybill. This modules deals with all
the ticket related things starting from issuing ticket to the depot and
ending with collecting the money of tickets after sale.  





3. Project	Ezee Payment Way

Credit Card Consultant

Duration	May 2005 to Oct 2005

Environment	Java, Servlet and JSP, oracle, tomcat

Role	Team member

Description	This is an Online Application Product using MVC Architecture
CCC in which a customer can transfer his Fund from one country to other
through the Bank’s respective agents and CCC as the authorizing or
guarantor in the middle of the transaction. Since this is online in
nature it makes easy and faster payment of the currency to the
respective receiver. Since CCC is the authorizing agent it makes the
transfer safe.





Education:

Degree		: M.C.A from University of Madras (Continuing) 

Graduation	: B.A (Berhampur University) 

Personal Details :

Date of birth		:	19-04-1984

Mailing Address		:	Meera Road

Mumbai

	

Phone			:	91-9920961404

Email			:	itishreesahu@gmail.com

