Mukesh Ranjan

Flat no.104, Indra Vihar Complex, Plot 20/21, Sec 20, Koperkherne,
Vashi, Navi Mumbai.

Mobile: 09967368626   Email: mk.ranjan@gmail.com

Objective

To become a part of an organization, where I can contribute to a
progressive team of the company at the same time practice and hone my
skills and knowledge.

Summary

A professional career spanning over 1.0 year with GreenPoint Technology
Services (India) Pvt. Ltd.

In-depth knowledge in JAVA & J2EE application Development.

Complete multi-tiered web application development life cycle experience
using J2EE standards.

Thorough knowledge of Software development life cycle; Strong,
analytical skills and Excellent Object Oriented Concepts.

Knowledge of Design pattern and MVC Framework.

A proactive team player.

Excellent programming skills.

Excellent research and troubleshooting skills.

Exposure to UML notations and Rational Rose tool.

Technical Skills

Programming Languages:	Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlets, ejb), XML

Concepts and Fundamentals:  OOPS, HTTP.

Data Base:	MySql 5.0, MS SQL Server 2005, Oracle9i.

IDE:	Eclipse 3.2

Web Server, Servlet 

Container, Application Server: Jakarta Tomcat 5.0.

Tools:	Dream weaver, XML Spy.

Operating systems:	Windows 98/2000/Xp.

Documentation:	Ms Office, Smartdraw, Rational Rose.

Educational Qualifications

BE	Pune University	2006	65.00%	First Class

HSC	C.B.S.E	1999	58.00%	Second Class

SSC	C.B.S.E	1997	50.00%	Second Class



Work Experience

Total Work Experience:   12 months.

Current Organization:      GreenpointTechnology Services (India) Pvt.
Ltd., 

	    Belapur, Navi Mumbai.

Current Designation:       Software Developer

Projects Summary

Project Name:	Rittenhouse Incorporation System



	Technology:	Java1.4, XML, SQL Server, Textml Server.

Description:   	Backend process which take XML files as input then
filter it, chunks it, add tags and links etc and store it in XML
database which make the front end easier and faster for searching within
content and effective display of content.

Backend is based on multithreading concept which is able to process
multiple file of any size simultaneously

Duration:		September 2006 to December 2006.



Role:	Developer.





Project Name:		Revenue Tracker



	Technology:	JSP, Servlet, EJB, MS SQL 2005 Server 

Description:   	This application gives functionality to track the
revenue for different processes with in Organization. Various roles and
users with access rights defined. Each department can access their
respective revenue projection, and can update. Depending on the
department various formats of excel sheet data is parsed and stored in
the database. Key features are use of design pattern, Business Class
libraries, 3-tier Architecture.



Team:	3

Duration:		2 months

Role:	Architecture design and Coding



Project Name:		SQL INJECTION TOOL.(BE Project)



	Technology:	Java1.4, XML. 

Description:   	Website having database like oracle, Mysql etc is
vulnerable as it is possible for intruder to pass or inject his own
values in the form of queries through the parameters of website and
URL’s of webpage.

This tool is to check the vulnerability in website and to assist against
SQL injection attack.

Module: 

-	Designing the architecture.

-	Creating HTTP request to download of web page  

             source code.

-	Parsing the source code to find all possible input 

             parameters and links

-	Posting of sql queries through parameter and 

             links to the server

-	Constructing sql queries to inject to the server.

-	Counting and calculating the result effect.

Duration:		September 2005 to April 2006

Role:	Team Lead.

	

				

Project Name:		Website Blocker (Freelance)



	Technology:	Java1.4 ,MySQL 5.0



Description:   	Website Block software utility allows you to block
unwanted websites from display in Internet Explorer. If a website is
blocked the user is forwarded to a blank page and the contents of the
page are not loaded on your PC.Block users from spending hours in chat
rooms or remove undesired websites from their view. The software
includes password protected mode so that other computer users can not
modify the list...



	Duration:		May 2006 to September 2006

Role:	Architect and Developer



Personnel Information

Date of Birth:			1st Jan 1982

Languages:			English, Hindi

Nationality:			Indian.

Marital Status: 		Single

