





Detailed Resume (Additional Details) 



Ram Sundar Yadav 

S/O Mr. M.B.Yadav Mob: +91-9867086289

JN1 35B-6, Email: ramsundar81@gmail.com

SECTOR NO. 9

VASHI NAVI MUMBAI 

Objective: 

To be a part of an organization with good learning, growing
possibilities and achieve goals in my life by hard work, honesty and to
make my work a success.

Industry Experience: - Currently working in DNS IT Services Pvt. Ltd.
Mumbai as a software Developer in java technology from January 01 - 2006
to till date. 

Academic Qualification:

Degree University/Board Year Marks Obtained

M.C.A North Maharashtra University 

Jalgaon (M.S.) 2006 65.21%

B.Sc. Dr. Ram Manohar Lohiya Awadh University Faizabad (U.P.)

2002 60.56%

H.S.C. 

U.P Board, Allahabad (U.P.)

. 1999 63.36%

S.S.C. 

U.P Board, Allahabad (U.P.)

1996 71.50%

Technical Skill:

Programming Languages : C, C++, Java 

Operating System : Windows 9X / XP/ 2000, MS-DOS.

Database : MS Access 2000, MS SQL Server 2000

Web Technology : HTML, ASP, JSP, Servlet, JavaScript

Industry Experience: - 

1. Title : SMPP Server and Client Implementation

Company Name: DNS IT services Pvt. Ltd 

Technology : Core Java 

Database : MS SQL-Server-2000

Team Size : 3

Role : Responsible for designing and coding.

Description : There are two modules in this software.

SMPP Client module

SMPP Server Module

SMPP Client Module allows sending of Text, Binary, Flash and Unicode
message. SMPP Client module provides group creation, user management,
search facility, message log, delivery status and group messaging. It
provides facility to upload text, CSV and excel files. SMPP Client tool
is with DNS customers to connect to DNS SMPP Server using SMPP protocol.


SMPP Server Module allows SMPP Clients to connect to SMPP Sever and send
messages. All the user authentication and verification part is done on
the SMPP Server side. All the credit management and error handling is
done on the server side. SMPP server stores data in temporary database
and send it to the SMSC. It also provides instant delivery status of the
message submitted to the SMSC.

2. Title : Daily Reporting System

Company name : DNS IT services Pvt. Ltd 

Technology : Java 

Database : SQL-Server-2000

Team Size : 3

Role : Develop modem application

Description : In this System two modules are there. 

1. Handset Application 

2. SMS sending Application in java through Modem

Developed front-end application which is used to submit daily sales data
from various stores like Spencer's, Food Bazaar etc located anywhere in
India. Sales persons of JNJ visit the store and collect the sales data,
the stores visit by the sales person are maintained from the back-end.
Application has menus for the store selection and products. Sales person
fills the sales quantity for the products and after this the final
message payload is prepared which involves sales data for various stores
and send it in real time over SMS

3. Title : Online Examination System 

Technology : Jsp, Bean

Tools : Tomcat 4.0 

Data Base : SQL-Server 2000

Description : An application is used to take online examination having
two modules.

1. Examinee Module

2. Administrator Module

1. Examinee Module:

This web base application fetches the questions from back-end with four
choices as answer and the examinee selects one choice out of four. If
examinee didn't select the answer in one minute then next question will
appear to the examinee after finishing the exam it will show the result
to examinee.

2. Administrator Module:

In this Module administrator has facility to compose new question,
provide user name and password to examinee. Admin can add, edit and
update the details (username, password, name, roll no etc but not marks
obtain) of the examinee.

4. Title : Chatting Utility

Technology : Core Java

Data Base : MS SQL Server 2000

Description : An application created in Java, using Socket Programming,
which provides chatting facility to the client connected in LAN.

5. Title : Medical Dictionary 

Technology : Servlet

Tools : Tomcat 4.0 

Back-End : MS SQL Server 2000

Description : This software facilitates the details of all medical
diseases and drugs. It also maintains the all transaction between doctor
and his patient and drugs related to all diseases.

Personal Detail:

Gender : Male.

Date of Birth : 20th October 1981.

Nationality : Indian.

Languages known : English, Hindi

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this
application is factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and
belief.

Ram Sundar Yadav 



