Jyoti Prasad Mohanty

Email: mohanty.jyotiprasad@gmail.com

Mobile No:9892714162

  Objective

Seeking a challenging software development opportunity in a dynamic
environment where innovation, education, sense of ownership is
encouraged and valued. 

Job Profile

Having 2+Years of progressive software development experience in JAVA,
JSP, Servlet, Oracle and JDBC Technologies in windows platform. 

Strong in Object Oriented Technologies. 

Working Extensively on Java Technologies. 

Good problem solving skills with a good technical background and
interpersonal skills. 

Professional Experience

Current Employer:  Titan Technologies, Orissa

Year of Experience: 2+ Years 

Job Profile: Working as software Developer from April-2005 onwards. 

 Academic Profile

M. B. A from ,Ranchi University

B.Sc  from Berhampur University 

PGDCA From National Institute of Professional Education and
Technology,Orissa 

 Technical Skills 

Java Technologies   : JDK1.4, JDBC, JSP, SERVLET.

Databases                 :  Sql Server, Oracle8i.

  	Operating Systems  : Windows 98, 2000&XP, Windows NT.

Web Technologies   : HTML, JavaScript, Tomcat 4.1., Weblogic 7.0(Basic)

Tools                         : Eclipse, Net Beans

Project Experience: 

1.	 Project Name: E-learning and Training Calendar

Client	 Urban Bank

Role 

Team Size	 Software Developer

 4

Software & Tools	 Java, JSP, Servlet, Oracle, Tomcat4.1.

Organization	Titan Technologies 

  

 Project Synopsis: 

          This is an Intranet project it has been developed
for the employees of the Urban bank.The E-learning module helps the
employees of Urban bank To get promotion,it consist of different types
of  tasks Which is assigned to them.

This module consist of four levels i.e Super admin, HR, Admin, user. The
function of Super admin,HR and Admin is they can able to create
different type of programs  and they can able to assign different
employees according to their category to the created program.The
function of the user is whenever he login he can able to give the task
which is assigned to him.

The Training Calender module helps the employees to get updated  with
the employees of other banks viz; their competitiors.It  provides online
information regarding the events conducted by the Bank.The application
holds the details of all the Trainees/employees who attended the
training/event.

Responsibility: 

Involved in designing user interfaces 

Involved in Coding and code reviewing. 

 

2.	 Project Name: HRWork

 Client	 Lakshya  and Orissa TV

 Role 

 Team Size	 Software Developer

 5

 Software & Tools	 Java, JSP, Servlet, SQL, Tomcat4.1.

 Organization	 Titan Technologies

 

Project Synopsis:

HrWork is a complete centralized solution, which provides a new
generation IT 

Architecture for the Human Resource within an organization. HrWork open
architecture allows easy integration with other business applications
and multiple delivery channels. HrWork is available on multiple
platforms like Solaris, Windows and Linux. In addition to these
strengths HrWork is ideally suited to align talent Management
initiatives with corporate goals. HrWork provides an extra level of
insight, so that the organization can make the most of its software
deployment and model its staffing processes and talent management to
reflect the nature and objectives of its business. Graphical User
Interface of HrWork gives the user ease of use as ability to view
reports in the form of graphs and charts. Using RDBMS, it provides
bettermodularity to add new modules to existing systems, better
performance and portability. HrWork helps companies to reduce
operational costs, improve the efficiency and accuracy of operation.  

Responsibility:

Involved in maintaining Database and Functional Testing. 

Involved in Coding.    

3.	 Project Name : Data crawling and Searching     



Client	 Orissa sambad,indiapages

 Role	 Software Developer

 Software & Tools	 Java, Jsp, servlet, Oracle, Jdbc.Tomcat4.1.

 Organization	 Titan Technologies 

  

  

Project Synopsis: 

This Application is devloped for Orissa sambad,the function of the
Application is                                                         

 search the required data from the given URL. For a given URL ,we
connect to the site and takes html content   of the site ,a format of
the required data is given to us . On the basis of the given format data
we search the data  from the html content,generates CSV or XML
format.Once we  generate the CSV or XML file we read the data from the
file  inserts into Database table.

           For searching of the required information ,we takes the input
                                              data as parameter Search
the detail from the database and                                        
       displays it as a XML format In JSP page.                         
                     

Responsibility:

Involved in designed user interfaces with JSPs. 

Involved in testing the code. 

  

 

Personal Profile:

Father’s Name             : Mr. Paramananda Mohanty

Marital Status              :  Married

Languages Known       : English, Hindi, Oriya  

  

  

  

  

 

 

