Resume

                                                                        
                                   Raghvendra Singh Tomar

                                                                        
                            103,14A,Amey society,MHADA,Andheri,

                                                                        
                         Mumbai, Pincode - 400093

                                                                        
                                 Mobile No: -9923709969

                                                                        
                                 Mail to:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:raghvendra.tomar.raj@gmail.com"  raghvendra.tomar.raj@gmail.com 

                                                                        
           OBJECTIVE

1.6 years of experience in the IT field with extensive designing,
programming, deployment experience in JAVA Technologies.

Seeking a challenging, growth – oriented engineering position with an
organization that will make full of my talent, experience and
interpersonal skills, to fulfill the overall objectives of the
organization

	      EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Having 1.6 year of  work experience in application development.

Working with Virtualsoft It Solutions pvt. Ltd, Pune as a  Software
Engineer since  November 2005.

Specific skill areas include Core Java, JSP, SERVLET, JDBC, EJB,PL/SQL .

J2EE based FrameWorks Apache Struts 1.1

 Innovative and able to absorb new technologies fast

.

SOFTWARE SKILLS

Languages	   		     : Core Java, C++.

Web Technologies		     : JSP, Servlets, Jdbc 2.0, EJB,XML, HTML.

Application Servers			     : BEA Weblogic 6.1/8.1 and Tomcat 5.0

Databases        			     : Oracle 8i, MS-Access.

IDE Tools			     : Eclipse

Operating Systems		     : Windows NT/2000/Xp

J2EE based FrameWorks                : Apache Struts 1.1

QUALIFICATION

Master of Computer Application (MCA) from                               
                                                          2002-2005   

Maharana Pratap College of Technology Gwalior,

Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Bhopal (M.P).

With 68.05% Marks.

                                                                        
      

                                                                        
  PROJECTS HANDLED

          Project			 : 	HRMS

          Team size		 :	8

          Role			 :	Team Member

          Operating system   	:            Windows 

          Language(s)		: 	Java,Jsp,Servlet ,Jdbc, struts.

          Database		             : 	Oracle 8i

          Server                               :   	Tomcat 5.0   

          IDE                                    :           
Eclipse(with Exadel_struts_studio 6.0.8)

Project Description:

           

             HRMS System is developed to facilitate the general
administration system to manage the various information of the employees
and the processes involved in an export firm. So, that organization can
access accurate information quickly and easily as and when required,
thereby improving its operational efficiency & effectiveness

My Responsibilities:

 	

My responsibilities in this project is develop GUI with the help of jsp.

Develop the business logic 

Develop the other classes that is necessary of struts framework.

.

    

   Project Title          : Divya Jewellers web site						

   Client                     : Divya Jewellers.

          Technologies        : JSP, Servlets, HTML, JDBC, Tomcat 5.0,
Oracle-8i.				

          Role		   : Team Member.							               	               

         Team  Size              : 4

								

    Project Description:

                        

                             The aim of the website is to provide
customers and agents with data related to their orders And    also,
placing the catalogue on web for the general surfer. This web site also
provides   the over all status of customer and agents to the
administrator. 

My Responsibilities:

My responsibilities in this project is develop GUI with the help of JSP
and HTML.

Develop the business logic .

            

                 

          Project Title                 : Clinic Management System

	          Technologies               : Swing, JDBC, Oracle-8i

                 Role                             :Designing, Coding

                Team  Size                  :4

                 Tool                              :NetBeans

                 Duration                       :3 months

    Project Description :

                                 

                                 This is the project for management of
the patient in the clinic.This project that contains the   information
about the patient and the case details of patient, information about
bill of the patien

     

       My Responsibilities:

 	

My responsibilities in this project is develop GUI with the help of
swing.

Develop the business logic 

Develop the database

 

PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name           : Brijraj Singh Tomar

Date of Birth              : 02 DEC. 1978

Local Address           : 103,14A,Amey
society,MHADA,Andheri,mumbai,400093, Mumbai,

                                                      Pincode - 400093

           

Languages Known    : English, Hindi

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
       

                                               

	             (Raghvendra Singh)         

Raghvendra Singh Tomar                                                  
                                                                        
                  

