Shradha Khard



A7/F1 Shriram Garden

Near PICT College 

Katraj, Pune-411019.

	+91 – 9923317464 (M)

(07622) – 221680 (H)

  HYPERLINK "mailto:khard_shradha@rediffmail.com" 
khard_shradha@rediffmail.com 

  HYPERLINK "mailto:shradha.khard@gmail.com"  shradha.khard@gmail.com 



CAREER OBJECTIVE

To secure a challenging and growth-oriented position in software
organization and expertise in the area of Information Technology, which
provides ample scope to learn, improvise, implement, develop and enhance
skills

EXCERPT

Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics) Year 2004 from Nagpur University

Total Experience of more than 18 Months in developing business solutions
using web based Technologies like Java, JSP, Servlets and JDBC.

Expertise in OOPs concepts, SDLC, Java language and Web Development
using Java and J2EE (Servlets and JSP) Technology

Short term goal is to be part of a research/architecture design team

Completed 5 months Professional industrial Training (For Engineers) at
NIIT Limited, Pune.

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Programming Languages	

C++, Java 2, SQL,

XML, HTML. 

Tools	Eclipse, TOAD, Edit Plus, VSS.

Databases	Oracle, SQL.

Web Technologies	J2EE, JMS, JDBC, JavaScript, 

JBoss.

Operating Systems	DOS, Windows 9x and above.

Concepts	UML, J2EE Design Patterns, SDLC



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company	

Syntel Ltd. Pune



www.syntelinc.com

Client

Vertical	McKesson

HealthCare



Project	Encore – is the next generation Healthcare Information System
designed to provide Healthcare Enterprises with integrated access,
receivable, resource, clinical and ERP management solutions. The system
provide clinicians with an ability to implement evidence based treatment
plans that optimally use healthcare resources, efficiently document the
patient’s response to the plan and ultimately provide for the highest
quality and measurable clinical outcomes.  

Designation	Analyst Programmer.

Duration	14 November 2005 – Till Present.

Technology 	Java, J2EE, Ant, XML, JBoss3.2.7, Value Object, DAO pattern,
Oracle and the in-house Horizon Architecture Framework



	Module	Horizon Performance Manager Interface – Which calculates the
performance of Encore System and sends the various kinds of reports like
Encounter Report, Practitioner Report, Cost Accounting Report etc. in a
standard format Like HL7 messages, to Horizon Performance manager. 

Role	1. Server side team member

2. Development of the code according to the documents, Requirement
gathering from onsite SME

3. Reviewing the code of team members



	Module	Common Services – deals with the provision of all the utility,
helper classes such as Workflow, Imaging, Printing, Event Logging,
Security, Validation, Business Rules, Ant Builds etc. to the Encore
product.

Role	1.Lead Volume Printing Module -- that dealt with bulk document
printing with dedicated printer available to the calling module, which
wants to print their documents in bulk, and while processing request of
one module other module cannot interrupt the request as the first
calling feature locks printer.

2.Lead Group Printing Module -- dealt with the printing of documents of
a group of patients. The patients and the documents to be printed can be
selected after a search.

3. Generation Of EO Object-- Enterprise Objects 2 (EO) is a Java based
framework for object-oriented access to a relational database. It
combines code generation with a runtime engine to allow application
developers to easily create, retrieve, update or delete information from
a Relational database.

4. Member of CS-Letter Writing Tool team-- that dealt with creation of
letter template. User can create their own template and can save in
database, retrieve it and modify according to their needs and also can
print them.



	

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Name	

Find Caliber Recruitment System

Year	(NIIT Training) 2004-2005

Environment	C++, Data Structures Using C++, Windows XP

     

Name	Implementation Of IEEE 802.3 Ethernet MAC Transmitter using VHDL

Year	B.E. 2003-2004

Environment	VHDL (Very high speed IC design language), Windows XP



PERSONAL DETAIL 

Name	

SHRADHA KHARD

DOB	17 Feb 1983

Father’s Name	Mr. Ratan Khard

Marital Status

Languages Known

Passport No.

Permanent Address 	Single

Hindi, English

F9403549

Ganeshi Bhavan Shakti Nagar Marg Katni (MP), 483501.



	     

	

 PAGE   

 PAGE   2 

Shradha Khard

