Prashant 

Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:prashant.kerkar@gamil.com" \o
"mailto:prashant.kerkar@gamil.com"   prashant.kerkar@gamil.com 

Phone: 91-22-265091

Mobile: 9869102083	Address:

a\12, devchaya bldg, vinanagar, khopoli

Mumbai



Resume Title 



Total Experience

2 Years

Current Employer

Bombay Stock Exchange Pvt Ltd

Previous Employer

IIT, Bombay

Category

Software, Hardware/ EDP

Role

Team Leader/ Technical Leader, Software Engineer/ Programmer

Industry Experience

Banking/ Financial Services,IT/ Computers - Software

Education

B.E/B.Tech (Computers) 

 

Dr. B.A.Tech. University,Loner 

Current Location

Mumbai

Prefered Job Location

Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune



Key Skills 

C, C++, Unix, Oracle



 

Resume Details 

Prashant Kerkar 

prashant_kerkar@yahoo.co.in 

+91-9869102083 

Summary: 

  Experience in C, C++ applications design and implementation in
artificial neural network, networking domains. 

  Functional and technical experience in capital \ financial market. 

  Experience in evaluating and suggesting design for various client
server and applications. 

  Experience in requirement gathering, client \ vendor interaction and
worked as Coordinator. 

  Exposure in working on online trading application of Bombay Stock
Exchange (BSE Ltd). 

  Effective communication skills, assertive, highly enthusiastic, quick
learner and result oriented with excellent grasping capability 

  Have great motivation to learn new skills \ technologies, excellent
analytical \ problem-solving skills, resourceful, committed,
hard-worker, and self-initiative. 

  Able to coordinate and communicate with project team. Able to work
independently and as part of team. 

Objective: 

Seeking a challenging position in software industry and opportunity to
contribute technical, analytical and leadership skills. 

Professional Experience: 

Company Association 

Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. July-2006 till date 

Indian Institute of Technology Bombay. Jan-2006 to July-2006 

Software Proficiencies: 

Operating Systems Windows Prof 2000, XP, Debian Linux, Fedora 2.0 

Languages C, C++, Java, C#, PL/SQL 

Database SQL, Oracle 9i, Non Stop SQL (Tandem), 

Internet HTML, JavaScript, CGI 

Tools Bugzilla 2.22.2, Microsoft Visio, 

Project experience: 

 Till Date 

 DIT (Department of Information Technology) 

Provide project management / co-ordination services on project 
Management Information System  being undertaken by the Bombay stock
Exchange Ltd. 

Project:  Data-Feed  is an information product of Bombay Stock Exchange
Ltd. Stock trading activity generates data consists of traded price,
traded volume and trend. Indices like SENSEX are computed from this
trade data. 

Responsibilities: 

A. Involved in shell-scripting, maintence, enhancing and supporting the
Data-Feed applications. 

B. Collecting Data from TANDEM Server of BOLT, DTSS, and BBS
applications onto the Data-Feed Server, which run on Unix platform into
the Oracle Database and sent out on dedicate TCP/IP Connections. This
system gives feed to various clients using TCP/IP protocol suit. 

C. Programming done in C language on UNIX platform. Involves socket
programming in C. This system gives online feed (of market picture) to
various clients connected to the application. 

D. Interacting with Data-Feed vendors for Business requirements like
Bloomberg, Reuters etc. 

Technology: C, Non Stop SQL (Tandem) 

Hardware: Tandem Himalaya S-series servers. 

Project:  BSE-India  is an official website of Bombay Stock Exchange. 

Responsibilities: 

A. Coordinating and planning for configuration changes and deployment of
website and web-servers. 

B. Use of tool  WEBTREND  for generating daily Web Log Analysis report
for English, Hindi and Gujarati Websites; which facilitates BSE India
team and web developers to build and continually monitor the
performance, content and quality of web sites. 

C. Use of tool  Hyper-timer  for measuring and analyzing download time
of the WebPages. 

D. Testing of website in coordination with Tata Consultancy Service Ltd.


Tools / Technology: Debian Linux, Bugzilla bug tracking system,
Microsoft Visio. 

 July, 2006 

Grade: Project Associate (Software Engineer) 

Project: Prediction of defects in rolled sheet metal and their effect on
the quality of formed sheet metal parts. 

Responsibilities 

A. In this project, a generalized predictive model based on Artificial
Neural Network (ANN) is developed for the prediction of the strain
limits and state of deformation of cylindrical cup in the deep drawing
operation. 

B. Developed and integrated User Interface for the modules. 

C. Developed Role Based Security module for authentication. 

D. Coding and testing the services. 

Technology: C, C++, Java Native Interface (JNI) 

 Dec 2005. 

Grade: Assistant Software Engineer. 

Project: Annual Machine Maintenance Report Scheduler. 

Responsibilities: 

A. Annual Machine Maintenance Report Scheduler used to manage the
perpetuation of appliance by allotting time, which will not conflict
with other operations. 

B. Software developed with the help of C with Data structure. User
Interface and Authentication part provided. 

Technology: C, SQL. 

 May, 2005 

Project: Secure Bridge Web Interface. 

Responsibilities: 

A. Secure Bridge is a device, which offloads the mathematical processing
of the Web Server. A web Interface that provides the authentication and
other functions like updating etc controls this device. 

B. To provide the session management. 

Technology: C, CGI, Apache Web Server, Linux. 

Academics 

 B.Tech in Computer engineering from Dr. B. A. Technological(
University, Lonere (Maharashtra) secured 60.25%. 

 H.S.C completed from( Mumbai University with 58.52% 

 S.S.C completed from Mumbai University with( 66.67% 

 PG Diploma in Project Management from ICFAI University (Pursuing).( 

Certification / Extracurricular Activity 

  "Advanced Programming in C++" at KReSIT IIT, Bombay. 

s COURSE ON STOCK MARKET" from Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd in Sept, 2006. 

   National Entrepreneurial Management Program (NEMP)  conducted by the
Foundation for Management and Entrepreneurship, advisor body
IIM-Ahmedabad, IIT Bombay. 

   Practice of programming using JAVA  conducted by Indian Institute of
Technology, Bombay. 

s ,  Digital Library ,  Online Trading  in leading News Paper Loksatta. 

  Training on  Microsoft SQL Server 2005  hands on lab conducted by
Microsoft Corporation India. 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth Jan 29, 1982 

Sex Male 

Languages Known English, Marathi, Hindi 

Nationality Indian 

Passport No. F0180119 

Address C\O Mrs. Manorama Mule, 

303/B Pooja Apartment, 

Behind Portuguese Church, 

Dadar, Mumbai-400028. 

References 

Mr. Ashish V. Tendulkar, 

Research Scholar, Bioinformatics Research Group, 

Kanwal Rekhi - School of IT. IIT, Bombay. 

URL: http://www.it.iitb.ac.in/~ashish/ Email: ashish@it.iitb.ac.in 



