Austin M. (Master of Computer Applications)	

PROFILE              :	 Oracle-PL/SQL Programmer

Objective           

Looking forward to a position as an Oracle-PL/SQL Programmer, in a Very
Challenging Environment.

Profession & Proficiency at a Glance

Presently working as an Oracle-PL/SQL Programmer for (DEV Software &
Services Pvt. Ltd.,) HUTCHISSION ESSAR Ltd.,

Provided front line Oracle Database Support to PREPAID-CRS in
HUTCHISSION ESSAR Ltd for their Production Databases & Project Specific
requirements.

Possessing 1.5 years of total IT experience, which includes 10 months of
Oracle-PL/SQL Programmer experience in Development and Technical
Support.

Expertise in maintaining 24x7 High Volume Production Databases, Needs
assessment, Configuration Management, Handling the Procedures.  

Dynamic Team Player with Excellent Communication & Interpersonal Skills.

Skills Summary

RDBMS		:   Oracle8i/9i

OS			:   Windows XP, Windows NT 4.0

Languages		:   SQL, PL/SQL 

Tools/Utility/GUI	:   ASP – For Front End Designing.	

Professional Experience

(1)  DEV Software & Services Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai – May 2005 to till date

 Working at client like HUTCHISSION ESSAR Ltd,  

Current Designation: Oracle -PL/SQL Programmer.

                                              

Significant Projects

 PREPAID-CRS:

		This System is an extension of the Inventory module which basically
holds the data of the customers, Dealers & sub-dealers. This Application
is integrated with the IN and facilitates on-line activations,
deactivations and SMS-based number unbarring. Here the Sims are allotted
to the different Dealers and they sell the Sims on the customer, and
release the barring, after getting the proper documentation they will
release the PD barring for that number. In the refilling promotional
offer we are having nearly 25 refill promotions, the promotions are
scheduled process, and each promotion will run only once in a day,
according to the refill we are giving the offer to the customers.

Responsibility:

Writing PL/SQL code in the development of prepaid promotional
activities.

Providing report data according to the dealer requirement using SQL
blocks & queries.

Handling the File upload & download process.

Maintaining databases and Financial Technology Applications. 

Maintaining the front application & providing support through the
back-end.

(2) SIMS Project works, TamilNadu. India – Aug - 2005 to Feb-2006

Current Designation: Trainee.

Significant Projects

Courier Management Service:

			Courier Management System is a system for managing the day-to-day
activities involved reception desk entries, beneficiaries’
particulars, their communication, customizes the sub units transaction
particulars, employee particulars and salary details, remittance
preparations.

It consists of three modules. One is master entry contains new courier
company and customer entry, Service entry, report date, user login. The
second module, Transaction, used to maintain the daily communication -
all outgoing and incoming letters, parcels entry, etc. And also used to
maintain the accounts of the courier company. Third module, Report,
contain the Daily outgoing and incoming letters, parcels, customer wise
statement, courier wise statement, courier payment account statements.

 

Responsibility:

Handling the Transaction Module and Report Module through the backend..

Involved in writing back end Stored Procedures for the above said
Modules and generation of the various reports.

Hospital Management:

This system aimed to automate all the activities of a Hospital. Major
modules of the System covers the activities of Reception desk, out
patient department, Inpatient Department and Laboratory Department,
Pharmaceutical, Management and Information System, Various reports and
query facility provided to monitor the History of a patient.

Responsibility:

Involved in writing back end Stored Procedures  

Generation of the various reporting data through SQL Queries.

VB, ORACLE 8i, 9i Programming.

Education Qualification

Master of Computer Applications – 71. 2% in April-2005 from
St.Joseph’s College (Autonomous), Trichy, TamilNadu.

B.Sc (Physics) – 60.43% in April-2002 from St.Xavier’s College
(Autonomous), Palayamkottai,TamilNadu.

HSC - 63% in April-1999 from St. Xavier’s Hr.Sec.School, TamilNadu.

SSLC - 84% in April-1997 from Sivagiri Senaithalivar Hr.Sec.School,
TamilNadu.

Personal Details

Email Address		: austinmca@gmail.com

Contact Number	: 09833782176

Current Location	: MUMBAI, India

Date of Birth		: 28-January-1982

Location Preference	: Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune

Correspondence	:  

PERMANENT				 	PRESENT

126, Anna Nagar, Maharaja Nagar (PO)  	A-103,1st Floor, Pride Of Kalina,


Palayamkottai – 627 011			Kalina, Santa Cruz-East

Tirunelveli District, TamilNadu 			Mumbai-98

Phone: 0462 – 2584334			

		                                                                      
          Page   PAGE  2  of   NUMPAGES  2 

