CURRICULUM VITAE:

Megha Mainkar.

8/279,Nirmal Nagar,M..H.B. colony

Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051

Mobile: 9892793962 

Email-Id: Mainkar_megha@rediffmail.com

Summary:



Over 23 Months of experience in IT focusing on Internet Technologies,
Web Development, Client Server Technologies. Can work in demanding time
schedule and has excellent attitude towards teamwork.

Extensive experience in designing, development and implementation of web
applications    HYPERLINK "http://www.Bullsbuzz.com"  www.Bullsbuzz.com
,   HYPERLINK "http://www.3paisa.com  "  www.3paisa.com   and  HYPERLINK
"http://www.247shirts.com/" www.247shirts.com  

   

Having a good knowledge of OOPs Concept.

Strong knowledge of .NET FRAMEWORK. 

Academic Qualification: 



B.E. (Electronics), May 2004 (Padmabhushan Vasantdada Patil
Pratishthan’s College of Engineering) Mumbai University.

H.S.C. March 2000 (Sathaye College) Mumbai University 

S.S.C. March 1998 (New English School) Mumbai University

Computer Proficiency: 



Languages:                	           C, C++

Internet Technologies:	           HTML, Java Script.

Databases:	  		           MS SQL 2000, Oracle 9i.

Business Services:		           ASP.Net, VB.Net.

Database Management Tools:	 ADO.Net, ODBC.

Mark Up Language:	    	 XML, HTML.

Methodologies: 			 OOPs.

Reporting Tool:			 MSSQL2000

Academic Project:



CAMAC: 



CAMAC Based Data acquisition and control system for Laser cooling. At
B.A.R.C Mumbai

CAMAC is computer automated Measurement and control system .It is a data
handler with help of it 0-7 LASER can be control at   a time.  It can
control 

Professional Experience:



Presently working in Bright Corner India Pvt. Ltd. (Mumbai) as a
Software Engineer from April-2006-Till date. Bright Corner India Pvt.
Ltd has a motivated team of enthusiastic and talented professionals
working in a Western style office environment in Mumbai, India.
(www.backgroundchecks.com)

Data Technology Instrument and System PVT, International InfoTech Park,
Vashi. Work Duration: Worked as Programmer & Developer From June-2005 to
April–2006

Chronological Detail of Project Experience:

1) Background Checks



Client:	Geniant (US)  

                   

The Client provides raw data files, which is transformed using DJ Cosmos
Tool and the data is then loaded in SQL Server Database. After the
database is created, various validation scripts are run on the database
to check integrity of data. We also write various stored procedure for
providing access to the data for different users and purpose.

Database	 			: SQL, PL/SQL and DJ Cosmos

Server	 			: Microsoft Internet Information Server.

2)   HYPERLINK "http://www.bullsbuzz.com"  www.bullsbuzz.com 



Client:   	Bullsbuzz Financial Database Ltd. 

 		Genie Search Engine is Search Engine form file Management. It is 

 		internal project of a company. In this project search is base on SQL 

 		and Microsoft Indexing Service. Search engine will search all the 

 		documents only within company’s documents. In this you can
bifurcate 

 		search as per requirement like date, department, type of files etc. 

 		Genie search engine have security as per open the documents on the 

 		basis of user’s access. 

Internet Technologies		: ASP.net

Database	 			: MS SQL Server 2000.

Server	 			: Microsoft Internet Information Server.

3)   HYPERLINK "http://www.247shirts.com/"  www.247shirts.com 



Client: 	Planet Systems Services

 		247shirts is an online shirts shopping site where a customer can
check 

 		out shirts of various categories and makes. He can select his
products 

 		add it to his shopping cart; he has options of modifying his shopping


 		cart. He can logon and register himself and purchase the products
else 

 		once registered he can login at a later date and continue with his 

 		shopping. The website also has various web forms to collect various  

 		information (User Registration, Queries, feedback etc.). There is an 

 		Admin module which is responsible for the overall maintenance and 

 		updating of the site in the departments of products, goods inventory,


 		products listing, the countries that the website intends to cater to,
etc. 

 		and also for the data management and retrieval. Other modules 

 		include ad rotator of Bestseller products.    

Internet Technologies	 	: ASP.net

Database	 			: MS SQL SERVER 2000

Server	 			: Microsoft Internet Information Server.

4)   HYPERLINK "http://www.3Paisa.com"  www.3Paisa.com 



Client: 	Roshani financial Services Ltd

 		3Paisa.com is a financial market intelligence tool specializing in
the 

 		business of financial market information and intelligence. The site 

 		3Paisa.com was created to provide an information resource to the 

 		investment and business community. 3paisa.com provides a platform 

 		for the investing community to obtain Multiple Views from various 

 		Analysts, Brokerage house, Merchant banker, Economist. This enables 

 		investors to gain access to multiple views (which might differ) and 

 		then take an "informed" decision. 3 paisa.com also provides link to 

 		various other websites wherein viewpoints, opinions reports and 

 		quality information on Indian business or markets are available. The 

 		site using user authentication allows the technical analyst to post
his 

 		information. The site also provides its services to its registered 

 		members. The registered member can logon to the 3paisa.com 

 		website to get classified information. The website also has various
web 

 		forms to collect various information (User Registration, Queries, 

 		feedbacks). An extensive admin module has also been built for the 

 		data management and retrieval. 

Internet Technologies	 	: ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML

Database 				: MS SQL Server 2000.

Server	 			: Microsoft Internet Information Server.

My Role and Responsibility:



Designed the Database in MS SQL Server 2000.

Handling SQL-server connection with web server.

Conducting Validation Tests.

Extensively worked with Stored Procedures, Functions, Database triggers
etc.

Strengths :



Good communication skills and ability to work in a team environment

Hardworking and dedicated.

Ability to work under pressure.

Quick learner

Personal Profile: 



 	Date of Birth 	:		23rd July 1982.	

 	Sex			:		Female	

 	Marital Status	:		Single	

 	Nationality		:		Indian	

 	Hobbies		:	          Traveling, listening to music.

