CURRICULUM VITAE

Hemlata Sharma

Sahar Society B-14                                                      
          

 Near By Jaysingh Tower                                     			E-mail  :
hema.cool05@gmail.com  

Andheri(East)	Mumbai                        				Mobile:  +91 -
9867258087  		                             		 

                                              

Objective

Aspiring for a challenging post in Software Programming and Software
development as to use my learned skills and experience for best results.

Expérience

Currently working in  I.T. Integrated Solutions Ltd,Marol Naka,Andheri
(East).Mumbai

               from Feb 2007 to  Till Date

Working as Junior Programmer in MediaIBC/Crisp Solution Pvt. Ltd., Juhu
Airodrum, Mumbai from July 2006 to  Jan 2007	

Worked as Junior Programmer in Synergy Business Pvt. Ltd., Noida from
Jan 2006 to        Jun 2006.

Professional Qualification			

MCA from B.V.M. College of Management Edu., Gwalior affiliated to
R.G.P.V. University, Bhopal in 2006 (Secured 67.5%).

Academic Qualification		

B.Sc (Maths) from Govt P.G College, Guna affiliated to Jiwaji
University, Gwalior in 2002.

Senior Secondary from M.L.B Girls Higher Secondary School, Guna
affiliated to M.P. Board, Bhopal in 1999. 

Secondary from M.L.B Girls Higher secondary school, Guna Affiliated to
M.P. Board, Bhopal in 1997. 

IT Exposure

Operating Systems	:    MS Dos, Windows 9x, 2000, XP

Langages		:    C, C + +,C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, Java(core)

Packages		:    MS – Office

GUI		      	:    Visual Basic, HTML,Php

DBMS/RDBMS	     	:    Ms-Access, Oracle 8i, SQL Server 2000, MySQL

Methodologies            	:    SAD & MIS

Area Of Interest

ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server2000

External Project

Title          :    Sales Force Automation [Current Project]

Tools Used     :    VB.Net, ASP.Net, Ajax, SQL 2000

Role           :    Programmer

Team Size      :    7

Description    : 

A technique of using software to automate the business tasks of sales,
contact management, 

information sharing, customer management, sales forecast analysis,
campaign management.

The solution coined “SFA” would be for the following:

1. Enable RM to computerize operation at the UTIMF.

2. Multi-user capabilities.

3. Instant response.

4. Simple and minimal data entries for RM.

5. Low Maintenance.

Scope

The scope of the application would be to design a solution for the Sales
person to maintain his day to day activities, 

appointments, schedules. Apart from this he can prepare his list of
opportunities, schedule his mails etc.

Following are tow phases for SFA:

Phase 1:

1 Account management

2 Contact management

3 Activity management

4 Scheduling

5 Mass Mailing

6 Sales Territory Allocation

7 Data Uploading

8 MIS reporting

Phase 2:

1 Mapping Opportunities Vs. Sales materialized

2 Performance Measurement

3 Campaign management

 

Main Objectives 

1. A complete web based application that would be accessible to RM from
any location.

2. RM/CM should be able to track their activities/visits with
respective account & contacts.

3. Alert for pending activities, reminders for schedules/appointments.

4. Mass Mailing, scheduled mailing/sms.

5. Superior should be able to track the schedule of his subordinates.

6. Superior can assign the task to his subordinates.

7. Masters would be handled from the UTIMF central Server.

8. Tracking entire sales force of an organization.

9. Multiple concurrent users

Title		:    Customer Relationship Management

Tools Used	:     ASP.NET, C#, HTML, SQL Server 2000

Role           	:     Project Developer

Team Size	:     5

 Description       :    

	         Customer Relationship Management System for Void Era Call
Center  (call tracking system) has been developed keeping in view the
large amount of data, which is handled during the following:

To store data of all the customers who are registered in the
Organization.

To solve the customer’s problem in time efficient manner.

To facilitate easy and efficient retrieval of data as and when required
for study by the senior officials.

To generate and print out the various report. The online MIS Reports are
generated for the concerned senior officers of VOID ERA (CALL CENTER) to
monitor the progress of complaint Attendance.

As the problem on part of customers can be regarding enhancement of the
services, thus it will help in the tracking the calls and after studying
the various problems with each track number, the company can upgrade its
quality of Services.

The tracking of previous customers’ calls can also make the company
(organization) aware of the changing needs of the Customers.

Data security is maintained to relatively high level by implementing it
at Database level, so as to ensure that only Authorized users have
access to confidential client information.

Roles and Responsibilities :

Involved in the design and development of the entire project.

Developed forms and custom controls for user data input.

Designed the GUI in a user-friendly manner.

Involved in Data Base Design.

Title		:    ROLECODE.COM:

Tools Used	:     ASP.NET, C#, HTML, SQL Server 2000

Role           	:     Project Developer

Description       :  This is recruitment website. we sales voice enable
candidate interview to the 

		   Subscribe HR Person and give report of selected Candidate using
Ratifier.

		   And Subscribe Candidate give interview against job posting through
HR .  

	.

Title		:    I.T ResorceZ (a Human Resource Mgmt System)

Tools Used	:     ASP.NET, C#, HTML, SQL Server 2000 

Role           	:     Programmer

Duration	:     4 Months (Part time)

Team Size	:     3

Description	: The Vortal of “I.T ResourceZ can handle data of
Recruites (several companies) who are looking for suitable candidates
for their vacancies. This vortal will be most useful for Consultants for
searching of matching job with jobseekers etc.The Vortal has few
sections:

An Administrator is provided through which user can enter Recruiter’s
records/type of jobs/jobseeker’s description .A registration form is
provided through which user can enter details of company like location
of company/types of job /status of job/qualification of jobseekers. This
data entered can be edited/deleted as required when there be vast
entries of data user can scroll the data.

There are section provided for Recruiter Requirement/Resource

Title                	:   Web Site of Gwalior Online-Meet

Platform         	:    HTML, JDBC, Servlet, Apache Tomcat

Client              	:   Hotel Ambesetter

Duration         	:    2 Months

Team Size      	:   2

Description      	:    Site Provides information about the Gwalior city
like Historical Places, Institutes,  

     Parks, Hospitals, Cinémas etc.    

Title		:   Telephone Billing

Platform	:   Visual Basic, Oracle 

Duration	:    2 Months

Role  		:    Programmer

Team Size 	:   2

Description 	:    System provides all the information regarding
activities of Telephone billing.    

                                      

Personal details 

Father’s Name		:    Mr. Govind Babu Sharma

	DOB			:    05-02-1982

Marital Status             	:    Single

Nationality                  	:    Indian

Language Known	:    English, Hindi

Permanent Address    	:    20/478,Bhargava Colony, Guna (M.P), PinCode
– 473001

Place  : Mumbai 

Date   :  ………..	  				               (Hemlata Sharma)

