SUJAL D. PIMPLE

                                                suju_d_pimple@yahoo.com

09324301830 (Cell)

95250-2521972(Res.)

Objective

To obtain a software developer position that allows me to learn new
technologies while utilizing my experience of developing web-based
applications as well as my knowledge of software developments.

Summary

1.5 years of experience in Software Development.

Well versed with ASP.net , C#.net, VB.net &Sql Server 2000  having more
then 1.5 years of experience in the same.

Knowledge of VB.net,C#.net, HTML, SQL Server-2000,Javascript.

Computer SKILLS

Languages    	:  ASP. Net, C#, VB.Net, Java Script

Database	:  MS SQL Server-2000, MS – Access

Operating Systems 	:  Dos, Windows-3.1,98,2000 Server, XP, UNIX

Software Package	:  MS-Office -2000

Practical Skills

Communicate effectively and Coordinate various activities of a project.

Willing and able to learn new skills to improve Performance.

Ability to work independently but prefer to work in a team environment.

Professional experience

APRIL, 2005  – APRIL, 2006	AB Soft Source (P) ltd.		Software Engineer	

				Mumbai,Andheri-Chakala

SEPT., 2004 – APRIL, 2005	OM Consultancy Services	Trainee Software
Engineer	

				Mumbai,Andheri

JOB PROFILEs

AB Soft Source (P) ltd.		Software Engineer	

Online search for Vehicles,Properties & Jobs 

Client : Own company having offices in UK & Dubai

This is a web based search System allows user to search
Vehicles,Properties & Jobs . Users can search even if he is not a
member(Registered User). If one want to place his/her vehicle,property
for sell(or buy) then he/she has to register  first.Same For Jobs.

For this there are various modules are as follows: 

AdAlert : This module will allow members to create alerts for
notification of new ads of interest. Members will be  alerted on
daily/weekly basis.

Contact : Only for registered members. INBOX /OUTBOX ,Search facility
are available

Registration : For New User.

Apart from this Change Password,Forgot Password,Automatic Email Firing
facilities are available

Platform			:	Windows  XP

Tools				:	ASP.Net, C#.net, SQL Server 2000

Team Size			:	6 Members

Duration			: 	6 Months

	URL				:	  HYPERLINK "www.DubaiDonkey.com"  www.DubaiDonkey.com 

AB Soft Source (P) ltd.  	Software Engineer	

Forum and Blogs System

Client : Own company having offices in UK & Dubai

Lloyds Atlantic Business Suite (LABS)

LABS is a Content Management System like website, where the admin can
add 

comments, blogs, Web Directories and add forums. Visitors can become
members to the 

site and reply to forum questions. Newsletter subscription functionality
is also provided. 

The main feature of this product is there is a single database for the
different replicas 

of the site. The different sites are differentiated using their
sitecodes which are 

specified in their respective configuration files.

ddJockey.co.uk, talk-golf.com, amateursocceram.co.uk,
familytreesonlike.co.uk are made 

using this product.

Netaspace.com

The same LABS product is modified like blogger where at the moment a
user registers 

for a site, will be assigned a subdomain. And he can add contents to the
site. Visitors 

to the site, for eg.   HYPERLINK "http://xyz.netaspace.com" \t "_blank" 
http://xyz.netaspace.com  will be shown the content of that site. 

This is done using an httpmodule which returns the sitecode according to
the 

subdomain. In this there is provision for sending emails to all members
who are 

subscribed to a thread in a forum. Also add comment option is also
provided in the 

blogs.

Platform			:	Windows 2000/ XP

Tools				:	ASP.Net, VB.Net, SQL Server 2000

Team Size			:	3 Members

Duration			: 	4 Months

	URL				:	  HYPERLINK "http://www.sfondemand.com"   www.netaspace.com

 

AB Soft Source (P) ltd.  	Software Engineer

Online Job Site

 In this project there are various sections are as follows:

Jobseeker 

a)CV Builder          :Jobseekers  build their CV’s.

b)CV Distribution  :Distribute CV’s.

Recruiter

News

Site-Search

Auotmatic Email Firing.

Platform			:	Windows 2000/ XP

Tools				:	ASP.Net, VB.Net, SQL Server 2000

Team Size			:	2 Members

Duration			: 	1 Months

	URL				:	  HYPERLINK "http://www.sfondemand.com"    HYPERLINK
"http://www.e-jobsearch.co.uk"  www.e-jobsearch.co.uk  

OM Consultancy Services	Trainne Software Engineer

Shopping Cart System

I was working at OM Consultancy Services as a Trainne Software Engineer 
to develop

Online Shopping Cart System

Platform			:	Windows 2000/ XP

Tools				:	ASP.Net, VB.Net, SQL Server 2000

Team Size			:	3 Members

Duration			: 	4 Months

OTHER ProJECTS

Project Title : Implementation And Improvisation Of  Photometer.

				(Organisation : Merck Ltd.)   

Hardware Used : IC 0809(Analog to Digital converter)

                           RS 232C

                           IC 8051(Microcontroller) 

                           LED(Light Emitting Diode for display purpose)


Software Used    : C,C++

Project Description : 

     A photometer is a universal photometric analyzer.The aim of my
project is to calculate the absorbance and hence the concentration of a
particular liquid or solution. An analog photometer is available;the
liquid whose absorbance we want to measure is placed in the photometer.
The output of the photometer is nothing but the absorbance which is in
terms of the equivalent voltage.This voltage is then digitized using an
analog to digital converter(IC 0809).This digital voltage which is
proportional to the absorbance is fed to the parallel port of the
computer (RS 232C).For controlling action micro-controller IC8051 is
used.

To calculate the concentration various formulae are used and to obtain
graph C and C++

Programming languages are used.

Education

B. E. (Electronics) from Mumbai University (Maharashtra) in Year 2003.

  With First Class Securing 65.85%

•      HIGHER SECONDARY (HSC) with First class, [ 66.33%]

   from Mumbai University  in March 1999

•      SECONDARY (SSC) Passed with Firs Class, [72 %] from Maharashtra
Board

    from Maharashtra Board in March 1997.

Advance Diploma in Software Engineering (1 year’s) from Aptech
Computer Education, Mumbai(Maharastra) in Year 2003-2004.

Personal Information

        Date of Birth	        	:   17/03/1982

        Res. Phone No.		:   95250-2521972

          Nationality			:   Indian

       Gender			:    Female.

        Marital Status	       	:   Single

        Languages	           		:   English, Hindi and Marathi 

	Father’s Name		:   Shri Dnyaneshwar H. Pimple 

        Address                          	:  
“Viprashree”,B/204,Manvel Pada Road,

    Virar(E)-401303

    		 

SUJAL D. PIMPLE – Page   PAGE  2  

