  

  Address   :  B-12/2, P&T Colony, 

	        Vakola, Santacruz (E.),

	        Mumbai - 400 029.    

  Mobile	     :  91- 9892830558  

  Tel	     :  91-22- 26653583.

  Email	     :    HYPERLINK "mailto:ashish.badve@gmail.com" 
ashish.badve@gmail.com 

ASHISH  S.  BADVE

OBJECTIVE : 

To become a successful professional in the field of Information
Technology and to work in an innovative and competitive world.  

EXPERIENCE : 

Mar.2006 – July 2007  (1.4 years)

D’zine Garage Pvt. Ltd.

Software Trainee  

Worked on Web application development and website maintenance as well as
Content   

management system. 

IMRB International (Indian Market Research Bureau) 

Software Trainee  

Developed and maintained the marketing softwares which involve tracking
the preferences 

of the consumers and help in making strategic decisions for most of the
FMCG products.     

TECHNICAL  PROFICIENCY :    

Web Technologies 		       :	ASP.NET 2.0, HTML, CSS, DHTML, ASP.  

Programming Languages known  :	VB.NET, Visual Basic 6.0, C++, C, Delphi
7.0.

Database Technologies	       :   SQL Server 2000, MS Access, MySQL. 

EDUCATION : 

Degree   	Year of Passing	Name of the Institute	University	Marks 

(in %)  

B.E. (I.T.)	June -2005  	Vidyalankar IoT. Wadala (E.) 	Mumbai 	57.26 

H.S.C.	Feb - 2001	Sathaye college, VileParle (E.)	Maharashtra State
Board 	PCM - 90.3      

 

Projects Worked On :

Industry Projects : 

Project Title	     :    BrewMaster

Technology	     :    ASP.Net 2.0, VB.Net, CSS and SQL Server 2000. 

Responsibility	     :    Partial Coding

Overview	     :    Brewmaster 2.0 is a content management environment,
which enables  

                                  creation, management and deployment of
virtually any type of content 

                                  across multiple websites or interfaces
using web 2.0 standards and 

                                  guidelines. It also integrates into
currently functional modules and services 

                                  that drive business processes in the
organisation.

Team Size	     :    4 Members. 

Project Title	     :    Student Profile maintenance

Technology	     :    ASP.Net 2.0, VB.Net and SQL Server 2000.

Responsibility	     :    Complete Development

Overview	     :    It helps an institute to maintain the records of
students who are    

                                  interested in various professional
courses conducted by an institute.

Team Size	     :    2 Members. 

Project Title	     :    Data Fusion

Technology	     :    Delphi 7.0 and MS Access. 

Responsibility	     :    Partial Coding and maintenance.

Overview	     :    To fuse two different media databases to provide a
‘Single Source like’    

                                  database that can be analyzed as if it
came from a single survey. Integrate  

                                  TAM viewership data with TGI survey
data. 

Team Size	     :    6 Members. 

Academic Projects :

(1) Project Title    :    Website on CRM 

     Technology     :    HTML, DHTML and MS Access

(2)Project Title	     :    Airline Office management

    Technology	     :    Core Java and MS Access.

(3)Project Title	     :    SIP Softphone

    Technology	     :    Advanced Java.

   

Personal Information : 

Languages	:    English, Hindi, Marathi, Sanskrit, Gujarathi.

Date of Birth	:   18TH October  1983.

Passport	:   Available.

Achievements : 

Participation in Intercollegiate Elocution competitions, 

First Prize in the Certification Course of Personality Development,

Participation in the Debates, Dramas, 

Excellent Communication Skills,

Conducted Seminar on ‘IT industry in India’. 

Hobbies :

Fond of Chess, 

Reading Technical Magazines, 

Love to collect the information about the Corporate People, 

Playing Badminton, Watching Tennis and Golf, Cycling and Listening to
all types of Music.

