Ajay Pancholi

B-8, Amar Enclave, Ramtekdi

Pune –Solapur Road

                                                                        
                                          Pune-13

  HYPERLINK "mailto:ajay_pancholi@rediffmail.com" 
ajay_pancholi@rediffmail.com 

  HYPERLINK "mailto:ajayi_pancholi@yahoo.co.in" 
ajayi_pancholi@yahoo.co.in 

Phone: +919881465832

Objective 



To achieve high career growth through a continuous learning process and
looking for a challenging, dynamic and vibrant environment in design,
Application Development.





Summary

Software Programmer

MCA first class from Veer Narmad South Gujarat University, Gujarat. 

Vb.Net, Asp.Net, VB 6.0, MS SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 8.5

IT Experience



Overall an IT Experience of 2.4 years 



Currently working with InfoWorld Consultancy Pvt. Ltd., Pune.



Technical Proficiency 



Languages	

VB.Net, ASP. Net, Visual Basic 6.0

Databases	MS-SQL 2000, MS-Access 2000

Web Technologies	ASP, HTML

Reporting tools	Crystal Report

Operating System	Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP



Professional Qualification 

May - 2005 	M.C.A               	South Gujarat University, Gujarat	1st
Class      

May – 2002	B.Sc. (Chemistry) 	South Gujarat University, Gujarat	1st
Class          

April – 1999	H.S.C                 	C.B.S.E, Gujarat	2nd Class        
 

April – 1997	S.S.C.                 	C.B.S.E, Gujarat	1st Class       
  

Personal Details       

Father’s Name	Ashok VinodChandra Pancholi

Date of Birth	April 06, 1981

Permanent Address	104, Sapphire Appt., Raveshia Park, Near Morarji
Circle,

Vapi – 391 195   Dist – Valsad, Gujarat.

Phone No.	0260 2435744

E-mail                        	ajay_pancholi@rediffmail.com

Nationality	Indian

Projects:



4.   1. Hoerbiger Machine Interface System

     Technologies	A   VB.Net, SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 10

     Overview	Hoerbiger is a Group of companies involved in
manufacturing & servicing of different kinds of valve & Cylinders.
Hoerbiger has many companies in approximately 12 countries. 

The database is centrally located at the Head Office in Australia and
all the branches will just have the local client of the HMI application.
HMI has the complete solution for maintaining the details about the
Valve and the relationship between a particular valve and the cylinder
in which is applicable. HMI also has all the details of all the customer
of different branches. HMI is mainly focused on maintaining the details
up to smallest unit of valve and cylinder. It has a detail listing of
the linking between the customer and the valve or cylinder sold to him.
It also handles the minor detail about the location of the valve inside
the cylinder and the location of cylinder at customer premises. HMI also
maintains the information about servicing of valves and other parts.  

HMI is being built in Visual Studio 2005 environment and uses MS SQL
Server 2000 as backend. It has multi tier architecture. Data Object,
Business Object, Web Service are the different layers. Client doesn’t
have direct link to database. All database manipulations are done
through Data Objects, Business Objects and Web services. All the
functionality is handled by Treeview structure.

     Role	So  Software  Programmer



2. InfoERP System

Technologies	VB, SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 8.5 

           Overview	It is an ERP product that is been developed for
Crane process flow Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd.   Consisting of
various functional areas like Purchase, Sale, Production, Export,
Accounting, Payroll. It is in the development phase. 

Phase I- Sales & Distribution, Material Management, Purchase, and
Sub-Contracting. 

Phase II- 2nd level BOM, MRP, QAP, Excise, and BSR (FG) Stock. 

Phase III- Financial integration, Chart of account, General Ledger,
Account Receivable, Account Payable, Fixed Asset, TDS, and HR & Payroll.



Role

	Software Programmer(Development of Sales Modules. Developing and
implementing Master and Transaction forms for defined. This module deals
with Sales Dept activities. The Sales Dept receives Enquiry from
Customer. In turn, the Sales Dept sends Quotation to the Customer. After
that Sales order received from Customer. 

Bill Of Material is available for the finished product. Dispatch
Clearance is issued against that sales order. Invoice is made against
that Dispatch Clearance Financial accounting and stock is updated. This
includes Number Of Reports, namely Order Booking; Net sales Report,
Business Under Negotiation, Sales Order Reports, and Pending Enquiry
Report are generated.



4.   3. Valve Selection Program

     Technologies	A    ASP, MS-SQL Server 2000

     Overview	The Project is Developed for Hoerbiger Company of America
it’s one of the World’s largest Valve manufacturing company. The
Project maintains data for valve, cylinder and combination of valve &
cylinder. User gives input parameter and search for suitable valve for
particular cylinder on different parameter.



      Role	So  Software  Programmer





44 4. Smart Selection Activex Exe

     Technologies	A   VB 6.0, MS-SQL Server 2000

     Overview	This ActiveX exe is developed to call from asp pages. It
takes input parameter and    based on the input parameter search for
suitable Valves and refine the valve using different algorithms and
after that passes these refined valve to another DLL call ITKK DLL which
return optimal valve after some mathematical calculation. These valve
are returned back to calling Asp page. It also draws pressure graphs for
valves.

     Role	So  Software  Programmer



Curriculum Vitae  

