                                                                        
                   Resume

Manish Chouhan.

ChandiwalaComplex B1/3,

Chandanwadi.

Thane (west) Mumbai

Phone: - 9323658318.

Email: -   HYPERLINK "mailto:manish.123.in@sify.com" 
manish.123.in@sify.com 

                 HYPERLINK "manish-001-in@indiatimes.com" 
manish-001-in@indiatimes.com 

Age: - 24 Years, Single.

Career Objective

To develop myself as an outstanding Software Engineer with ability to
conceive and provide high quality software solutions with complete
dedication.

Professional Experience (1+ Yr.)

 Working Software Engineer in Reva Tech Ltd. Mumbai till date.

Project Details

Project: Credit Card System (Banking Software).

Organization: Sakal Technologies

Technologies: VB.NET, ADO.NET and SERVER 2000.

Client: Render Spain Ltd.

Duration:  May 2004 to Aug 2004.

Brief Description

This Project Provides ideal solution to Bank Involved in the credit card
system. The prime consideration has been to provide quick and
cost-effective solution to the Banking authorities and the interface of
this project is kept highly user-friendly for carefree handling. The
Credit Card System addresses the real-life problems related to banking
procedure on one-hand and customer-vendor relationships on the other.
This project is intended to provide a simple solution for complex
banking structure and facilitate timely recovery of payments by vendors.
This project facilitates the customer to obtain up to date information
on the transaction made using the Credit Card. The Credit Card System
can be categorized into the following Modules:

1) Customer and Bank Relationship.

2) Customer and Vendor.

3) Vendor and Bank.

4) Bank and Customer

As a Software engineer I performed

1. Coding and Designing of Customer and Bank Module.

2. Coding and Designing of Customer and Vendor Module.

3. Coding and Designing of Vendor and Bank Module.

4. Coding and Designing of Bank and Customer Module

Project Details

Project: Online Transactions System (Banking Software.)

Organization: Sakal Technologies Pune 

Technologies: ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#.NET and SERVER 2000.

Client: Rinder Spain Ltd.

Duration: Nov 2004 to Feb 2005.

Brief Description

This Application is used to provide simple solution for Banking
Structure

This Application will allow users to login and check their account
Balances Pay bills and

So on. This project allow the users of the Bank to post Transactions to
your Application

Remotely.ie Customer makes ATM or Debit purchases. This Project is
categorized into

Following modules. As a software Engineer I preferred

1) Coding and developing Modules.

2) Coding and Developing of Transactions Modules.

Project Details

Project:  PSL HR AND ADMIN SYSTEM

Organization: SHREEJI OVERSEAS INDIA Pvt. Ltd.

Technologies: VB.NET, ADO.NET, SERVER 2000, and CRYSTAL REPORTS.

Client: PSL Pipes Ltd Gandhidham Gujarat.

Duration: March 2005 to Sep 2005.

Brief Description

This Application is used to provide simple solution for HR and
Administration

Division of the Company. This application will also used for All the
Salary Transactions made in one day or one Month or Annual Year. These
Applications also use for to take complete Accounts for Employee of the
Company. This Project All the Details of All The Company Employees
his/her Salary Accounts which is updated daily. This Application is used
to provide All the Attendance made by Swap Card and Generating the
Backup of Attendance Every 15 minutes. This Application is also used to
provide All the Salary Related Trisections of all the Employee i.e. Like
(PF & PPF, Professionals Tax, Income Tax, Birthday Packages, Over Time
Hrs, etc) This Project is also used for Complete salary Generation
Process of The Workers, Staff and Management Level. CRYSTAL REPORTS show
the Output of the Project.  

This Project Classified into following Modules given below.

Modules:-

Masters

Transactions

Processing

Reports

As a Software Engineer I Performed

1)	Coding of masters

2)	Coding of Transactions

Coding & Designing of Crystal Reports

Project Details

Project: WEB PORTAL FOR AIRLINE

Organization: Reva tech. 

Technologies: ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, Sql Server 2000

Client: Spider System Ltd.

Duration: Oct 2006 to Aug 2006.

Brief Description.

An Airline Portal is an enterprise solution for managing customers

And Flight information for an Airline. The primary function of the
portal is to manage

Flight information and perform reservations and cancellations. Airline
reservations portal

Were developed as customized applications in which the Airline Employees
primarily

Managed all customers’ data and processed customers request. The
Duties in the Airline

Also involve performing tasks, such as querying the status of Flights,
managing accounts

Executive who perform the reservations and generating the reports to
enhance the Airline

Performance. This project consists of three Modules.

1) Business Management Module.

2) Network Administration Module.

3) Line of business operations Module.

As a Software Engineer I Performed.

1) Coding and Designing Business management Modules.

a) Introducing new Flights.

b) Adding new user Accounts.

c) Analyzing Flights Performance.

2) Coding and Designing of Line of Business Operations.

a) Reservations of Flights.

b) Cancellations of Flights.

c) Reporting Flight Status.

d) Conformation of reservations

Project Details: Currently I am working in New Project it’s totally
based on web application 

                           ¼ of the project is completed in which I
work as a software Engineer

Project Name: Online Shopping Management  

Organization : Rave Tech

Technology Use: ASP.Net, C#, ADO.Net, Webservices and Backhand Sql
Server 2000

Starting Date : Nov 2006 

Education Quantification

 Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) in Aug 2003 with first class
(61%) from M.I.E.T (Gondia)

 H.S.C. From DBScience Collage (Gondia) with First class (61.73%)

 S.S.C from R.N.T.H.S (Gondia) with First class (65%)

 Diploma in DOT NET TECHNOLOGY from SSI (Pune)

Technical Expertise

Programming Languages: C, C++, Core Java, VB.NET,

ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C# and Web Services

RDBMS: SQL SERVER 2OOO, ORACLE SQL

Operating Systems: Windows2003 (Server), WinXP, and Windows 2000

Web Servers: IIS 5.0.

Web Tools: HTML 4.0,XML

Web Technologies: ASP.NET

Acknowledged With: VB .NET

Areas of Interest

Software development involving use of object oriented programming and
RDBMS..

Working with web technologies.

Hobbies: Playing cricket, Music.

Manish P. Chouhan.

