      CURRICULUM VITAE

Contact address:

JYOTHI L. B

#49, 1st Cross, Manjunatha Layout 

Mangammana Palya,

Koperkaran Mumbai 

Mobile: 9819479885					        Email id: jyothi.lb@gmail.com

Objective

Seeking an opportunity to work in an environment of constant learning
and team- working and to become an asset by fulfilling both my
company’s and my objective.

Personal Skills

Comprehensive problem solving abilities, good verbal and written
communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically,
willingness to learn, Team facilitator.

Work Experience

16 months (April 05 -Till Date) of Industry experience as Java
Programmer in MNOP Software Systems Pvt Ltd, Bangalore.

12 months (Oct 03 –Nov 04) of Teaching Experience as Lecturer in
Department of Computer Science of Acharya Institute of Technology,
Bangalore.

4 months (March 03-July 03) of Project experience as Project Trainee in
Master Control Facility (MCF), Hassan.

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) with an aggregate of  65%

 		From Malnad College of Engineering, Hassan in 2003

Technical Skills

Operating System :  Windows 2000,NTand XP, Unix

J2EE Technologies: Servlets, JSP,  EJB, XML 

Programming languages : Java

RAD Tool: IBM Eclipse

RDBMS: Oracle 9i (SQL, PL/SQL)

Scripting Language : JavaScript

Application server : BEA WebLogic8.1

Project Details

Project #1   Farmers Web Service 

Duration		        : November ’05 to Till Date

Client		        : Farmers Insurance Group, USA. 

RDBMS	        : Oracle 9i

Application Server	        : BEA WebLogic Application Server

Development Tools	        : IBM Eclipse (Java Classes), SQL Navigator   
   

                                                                        
            (PL/SQL Packages)

Other Technologies           : JavaScript, XML

Team Strength	        :  8

Description

Farmers Web Services is hosted by Trumbull Services. The Web Service
processes the xml batches it receives from the Farmers CRN and sends
back the responses. It is implemented as a set of Java EJBs running
inside the WebLogic application server. An Oracle backend serves the
application, which is hosted on a series of WINDOWS NT servers. 

Once the XMLs are received from the Farmers CRN, these are pushed into
the JMS queues. One job is created for each XML and its details are
inserted in the table. A timer servlet invokes for every 30 seconds,
monitors the above table and checks the XML status. It picks up the job
which is ready for processing and grabs the XML, parses it and pushes
all the values into the database.

My Contribution

Worked on XML Parsing. 

Worked on servlets.

Testing with customer Production data base.

Worked on JDBC coding.

Project #2   Document creation using Adobe Document Server

Duration		        : 2 Months

Client		        : Farmers Insurance Group, USA. 

Company		        : MNOP Software Systems Pvt Ltd, Bangalore.  

			(Trumbull Services, Connecticut, USA.)

RDBMS	        : Oracle 9i

Platform	        : Windows Platform

Development Tools	        : Adobe Document Server, jdk141_05    

Team Strength	        :  2

Description

This project is to create letters (PDF documents) using Adobe Document
Server for the Farmers insurance Company which the recovery specialists
use for their daily transactions. It contains programs to download the
PDF documents from their website, then to merge those documents with the
cover letters we have generated and to upload them back to their site.

Academic Projects

Network Based Project-Implementation of File Transfer Protocol in C
under Linux.

CGI-PERL project -- Online Job Search.

Database Project using VB6.0 and Oracle as Backend – Bookstall
Management

Personal Achievements

Merit Certificate Winner in SSLC from CBSE, New Delhi.

Active member of IEEE, active participation in college cultural festival

Won many prizes in state level Essay and debate competitions.

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

