Ashish M. Katariya

Email: ashish_im_katariya@yahoo.co.in

Ghanshyam Pro. Stores, Kharadi Road, Yashwantnagar, S. R. No 8,
Chandannagar, Pune - 411014. 

Mobile No. +91 – 09860457546.

Tel. Residence: 091-020-27012782.

Objective



To obtain high level of excellence in the growth oriented organization
and to utilize myself as a resource for all kind of challenging jobs by
upgrading my knowledge and skills from time to time. To be a part of
your esteemed organization and be the epitome of creativity, teamwork
and leadership.        

Work Experience (Total Experience: 1 year 9 monhths)



Kale Consultants Ltd., Pune  						 	         (July 2005 to till date)

Working as a Programmer Analyst in Airlines Division for Passenger
Solutions.  Kale is a leading IT Solutions provider for the Airline
Industry. As an end-to-end solution provider, Kale offers business
process outsourcing services, custom made development, application
management and re-engineering services.

Major Technical Strengths



Operating Systems		– UNIX, Windows 98/2000

Languages			– PL/SQL, PRO*C, C.

Front End Tools		– Oracle Forms 6i, Oracle Reports 6i

Databases			– Oracle9i, Oracle 8i

Expertise in tools 		_ TOAD, PL/SQL Developer, Microsoft Visual Source
Safe and

                                                        Benthic, CRT   

Security Standards		_ Awareness of security standards such as ISO
9001:2000, BS 7799,

                                                                     And
ISO 27001 Standards.

     

Educational Qualification



Bachelor of Engineering , Instrumentation & Control., VIT, Pune (First
Class).

H.S.C. ,  Modern College of Arts, Science & Commerce.(First Class with
Distinction).

S.S.C. , Laxamanrao Apte Prashala, Pune. (First Class with Distinction).

Kale Consultants Ltd. Pune  						(July 2005 to till date)

x™ 

Description	Apex™ is an industry leader in Automated Proration for the
Airline Industry. It automatically prorates large volumes of tickets
with highly complex provisos and Special Prorate Agreements. Apex™ has
flexibility to capture constantly varying rules and multiple conditions
of ticketing.

Role	As APEXTM  Support Associate:

Communication with client for the incidents raised.

Primary root cause analysis and info. request to the client for further
analysis and simulations.

Preparing analysis document of the incident and proposed solution, which
gives detail overview of the root cause of the operational incident/
bug.  Review the analysis and proposed solution document from the
manager.

Creating the low-level design document and coding.

Creating the sample test cases to test functionality.

Release the fixes/ resolutions internally to the testing team with
sample test cases along with analysis document of the incident.

Finally porting the fixes for the client release copy, test it and
release to the client.

Database Creation

Application development

Environment setup and creation

Forms installation and configuration

Resolving setup and application issues.

Opportunities offered as a Support Assosciate:

Incharge of Continental Airlines Support Team.

Release management to the various customers

As Programmer/ Analyst for enhancements in APEXTM proration engine:

Understanding the requirement.

Creating the High Level Design document and Analysis, which will give
the brief overview of all the changes, which are required in the
existing functionality and what’s new components like functions,
database PL/SQL program units, database objects etc. to be added to the
existing functionality.

Review the high-level design document and analysis from the manager.

Creating the low-level design document and coding.

Creating the sample test cases to test functionality.

Release the functionality to testing team with sample test cases and
requirement document.

Involvement in various types of testing such as Unit, integration,
stress and regression testing.



Client	Airline industries across the globe including British Midland
International Airways(UK), World Network Services Ltd, South African
Airways(SA), Continental Airlines(USA), Delta Airlines(USA), American
Airways(USA), Lufthansa Airways, Qatar Airways…,  etc.

Technology	Oracle9i, Oracle Forms 6i, Oracle Reports 6i, Pro*C, PL/SQL,
C.



Personal Information 



Date of Birth	:	01st June 1984.

Marital Status	:	Single.

Nationality	:	Indian.

Languages	:	English, Hindi, Marathi



Extra Curricular Activities and Hobbies 



Reading 

Playing Carom, chess, cricket.

Listening to the music.

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my
knowledge.

(Ashish M. Katariya) 

