Jyoti Kushwaha

Flat no: 3, Plot no: 22-B, Opposite of Bhakti Bhavan,

Sindhi Society, Chembur-400071 (near Sitla Hospital) 

Email id:   HYPERLINK "mailto:jyoti.zephyr@gmail.com" 
jyoti.zephyr@gmail.com 

Mobile no: +919323318966            

  CAREER OBJECTIVE

Aspire for the highest level of professional cadre in a global brand and
work with dedication and sincerity towards the achievement of a
symbiotic relationship through a pro-active result oriented approach
combined with my professional and intellectual ability.

  PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

An accomplished software professional with 3 years of IT industry. I am
B.Tech (Computer Science) and I possess expertise in Java, J2EE
technologies (Core Java, JSP, and SERVLETS). Experienced in all phases
of the software development lifecycle including system analysis &
database design, development, testing, and implementation of
Applications.

  TECHNICAL SUMMARY

Programming Languages: Java (Core Java, JDBC, Struts), C/C++

Databases: MS-Access, SQL Server 2000 and Oracle 9i

Web Technologies: Servlets, JSP, EJB, XML, HTML, Java Script, ASP.Net

Operating Systems: Windows 98/ 2000/ NT 4.0, LINUX

Frame work: .Net framework (using VB and C#), Struts

Web Servers: Apache Tomcat and IIS (Web Server)

  PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

August 2006 to till date	 	World-Wide Software [Exports], Software
Engineer

Feb 2006 to July 2006 		C-DAC Bombay, Software Trainee

June 2004 to Jan 2006    	Phoenix IT Solution, Software Developer

  EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Qualification	Year of Passing	Percentage	Degree/Board	University/College

B. Tech.

(Computer Science & Engg.)	2004	63.82% (aggregate)	U.P. Technical
University	Madan Mohan Malaviya Engineering College, Gorakhpur

Intermediate	1999	64.2%	U.P.	Dwarka Prasad Girls’ Inter College,
Allahabad

High School	1997	67%	U.P.	Jagat Taran Girls’ Inter College, Allahabad



  EXTRACURRICULAR

 87.92 Percentile in GATE-2005

 89.35 Percentile in GATE-2003

  PROJECT SUMMARY 

1.	Project Name:    “Greeting & Gift card Generator System “

	Company Name:   World Wide Software [Exports]                  

	Technology:   J2EE

Database:   Oracle 9i 

Duration: August 2006 to till date 		

Project Description: Currently I am working at the offshore development
center of the U.S. based Arrow Eye Solution Ltd. This company deals in
printing the cards as well as the online gift cards in the U.S. The
whole card is processed through database and the entries are made in the
database through different services that runs on the server side as well
as client side. These all services are implemented using J2EE.

Responsibilities (in brief):

Participated in application design and development.

Development of JSP pages and Java classes.

Involved in writing procedures, triggers and queries

Manual Testing

2.	Project Title: “E-Care”

	Company: Phoenix IT Solution

Technology: Java, JSP, XML, Oracle 8i, Struts, Edit Plus

Database:   Oracle 9i 

Duration: June 2004 – Jan 2006		

Project Description: E-Care is an online product designed for utility
sector to manage the Fuse of Call complaints of organizations. The main
business functions for the Customer Service are Complaint Registration
at ECC (Electricity call center) in case of supply related complaints
and at CSC (Customer service center) in case of section related,
metering related, billing related and new service connection requests.

E-Care is built on reliable n-tier architecture allowing easy
maintenance. It is platform-versatile with the system framework powerful
enough to handle any volume of transactions. E-Care can be easily
customized to provide the entire gamut of Call Center and Customer
Service Solution. E-Care Monitoring System is a monitoring cum
management information system facilitating generation of various
analytical reports for decision support and statutory requirements.  The
system integrates all the data pertaining to customer care processes for
online publishing of reports.  Facilitates flexible generation of
reports, which are self explanatory and easy to understand. This module
is developed using Spiral Model.

Responsibilities: 

Design and Development 

Database designing 

Involved in manual testing of the application

  EDUCATIONAL PROJECT

 	

