Siddharth Trivedi

B.C.A, M.C.A.

Executive Summary: 

Software Professional having 2.5 years of experience in development of
Enterprise and Web Applications through SDLC by achieving quality,
correctness, performance and maintainability in the products, using
Java/J2EE components like Servlets, JSP, EJB and JDBC etc. through
Struts framework with database design. And sound understanding and
application of software engineering principles which is more valuable
than familiarity with popular APIs or toolsets.

Software Credentials:

Java Technologies	:	J2SE 1.4, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts, EJB

Databases		:	Oracle 9i, MS SQL Server 2000

Servers		:	BEA Weblogic 8.1, Tomcat 5.5.7

IDE and Tools		:	Eclipse 3.1, My Eclipse 4.0, JIRA 3.3

Professional Experience:

As a Systems Engineer for Polaris Software Labs Ltd. Mumbai

Oct ’06 to Till Date

Project Title : RCX (Regional Communication server eXtensible version)

Synopsis : RCX application layer is mainly designed for processing
transactions.  RCX will receive transactions from various input sources;
it will process the transaction to respective destination. In current
sources the input sources are CitiDirect (CD) and Mercury (ME). In case
of CD transactions will be received as a separate entity while for ME
transactions would be received in file, specific to a customer. RCX is
designed to send transactions to FLEX and FILE. In FLEX transaction
would be separate entity and for lateral a file will be generated for
the transaction. In between RCX communicates with FOX and GI for getting
various configuration values for transaction under processing and its
validation respectively.

Tools and Technologies Used: Java, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, MQ
Series, Oracle 10g, Weblogic 8.1, UNIX (Solaris)

Roles & Responsibilities : 

Involved in production release and enhancement team of the application
and derived requirements.

Documenting, Designing and Development of modules through design
patterns with required technology and tools.

Conducting Integration Unit Testing and Functional Testing for the
respective module.

As a Software Developer at NetXs Solutions Inc. Ahmedabad

July ‘05 to Oct ‘06 

	

Project Title : BidRx 

Synopsis : This is public online drug auction application for USA &
Canada, developed as per the guidelines of HIPAA, which is useful to get
the prescribed drugs online. Here the consumers can setup the drug
auction and get the required drugs to their home or from nearby drug
dealer. This is highly secured application, which includes credit card
transactions. The Consumers, Business Partner’s and the Administrator
use application.

Technologies Used : JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Oracle9i, Tomcat 5.5.7  

Roles & Responsibilities : 

Developing the application with MVC Frame Work.

Involved in analysis of the application and derived requirements.

Development using JSP, Servlets, Database Programming through JDBC &
Stored Procedures in Oracle.

Conducting Functional Testing for the respective module.

Project Title : Hedgehog

Synopsis : This is an online bidding application; it contains four
modules namely Site Administrator, Main User, Administrator, and Bidder.
Hedgehog acts as a mediator between buyer and seller. Administrator
makes an auction and keeps track of bidding on auction. Buyers are
informed through automatic email about the bidding rules and
information. An auto-refresh facility updates both bidder and
administrator about latest scenario and stages of auctions. The
application provides multilingual. Through instance messaging module
administrator and bidder can have quick conversation with hedgehog
service.

Technologies Used : JSP, Servlets, JDBC, MS SQL Server 2000, Resin 3.0

Roles & Responsibilities : 

Maintenance of the application. 

Conducting Unit and Functional Testing as per SRS specification.

Maintaining the list of bugs and issues reporting to support team for
enhancement of the application. 

As a Trainee Network Engineer at Mindcells, Mumbai

Sept. ‘04 to Feb. ‘05

	

Roles & Responsibilities :

Managing 128 Kbps Lease Line with 99.98% Uptime

Troubleshooting LAN & VOIP Switch

Managing Win 2000 SQL Database Server & NetScreen Firewall

Data mining through SQL Server for CRM

Backup of Win 2003 Server

Managing & Troubleshooting Win 2003 Domain Controller & IIS 6.0 & Merak 
Mail Server 7.2

Virus Scan and Troubleshooting Virus problems

Maintenance of Network Printers and its troubleshooting 

As a Trainee Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services, Mithapur 

Jan ‘04 to April ‘04

Project Title : WAN Monitoring System

Synopsis : Monitoring WAN Activities like Packet, Link and Services.
Sending alerts to the Network Administrators through SMS & E-Mail.
Report Generation of Link Traffic & Link Up-Time, Availability of
Services on Daily Basis.

	

	Technologies Used : J2SE 1.4 & MS Access

Project Title : Availability Report Generator Tool

Synopsis : The Application checks the availability of any Network
Devices through Java Sockets. Generation of Reports for the same, which
was integrated with the existing Help-Desk System.

Technologies Used : JSP, Servlets, MS Access, BEA Weblogic 6.1

Project Title : Employee Engagement Survey

Synopsis : Employee Engagement Survey includes inputs organizational
details of the Employee through Forms along with a set of Questionnaire,
performs the analysis of Data, and generates reports in MS Excel.

	Technologies Used : ASP, VBScript, JavaScript, IIS 6.0 & MS Access 2000

Academics:

2001 – 04	Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Saurashtra
University,

		With First Class

1998 – 01	Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) from Saurashtra
University

Certification & Training:

Passed the Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) exam in Sept. ‘03
with a score of 911/1000

 Attended a 1 month training workshop on “Configuration &
Troubleshooting Cisco 2600 Router” at A.I.T.S, Rajkot in August ‘03

Other Activities:

 Participated in, “Communiqué 2002”, a national level programming &
web page designing contest at DDIT, Nadiad.

Contact Details:

Address 	: A4/14, Satyadarshan Society, Malpa Hill No. 3, Andheri
(East), 

      	   Mumbai-93 

Contact No.	: + 91 9833903209

E-Mail		: siddharthktrivedi@yahoo.com

  siddharthktrivedi@gmail.com

