	Address:	203-b,Everest,MHADA 			C.H.S,Mumbai-400003

	Cell	:	+919869660575

	E-mail	:	vivek.nsp@gmail.com

	

Objective:

To continue to work in a challenging environment, ensuring continuous
enhancement of experience, leveraging my current knowledge and fostering
creativity, with an opportunity for mutual growth and professional
advancement



Work Experience:

2.2 year of professional experience in software designing, development,
implementation and support.

Assumed various roles and responsibilities on on-site projects.

Good exposure to Core Java, JSP, Servlets, XML, EJB, Web Service and
other technologies.



Educational Qualification:



M.C.A   : From R.G.P.V. University Bhopal (M.P)in  2004 





Computer Skills:

Languages	JAVA,  C , C++

Other Languages	JavaScript,  HTML,  DHTML,  XML,  XSL, SQL.

 Technologies	J2SE,  J2EE,  EJB,  JMS,  Design Patterns. 

Web Technologies	Servlet, JSP, Web Service, AJAX.

Databases:	MS SQL ,Oracle,  DB2 Express C, MySql.

App. Servers	Jboss 4 , Websphere App Server (WAS 6 ,WAS CE).

Web Servers	Tomcat 5.0.

IDE	Eclipse 3.1, EditPlus

O.S.	MS-DOS, Windows 98/NT/2000/XP



Project Summary :

Company	Project	Designation	Technology	Duration





FROM	TO

ETP	Supply Chain	Software Engineer	JSP, Servlet, EJB, XML, XSL ,XSD,
AJAX , MS SQL 	Jun 01	Till Date



Personal Details:



Sex 	: Male

Birth Date 	: 21th Oct 1977

Nationality  	: Indian

Languages 	: English, Hindi



WORK PROFILE

Company:  Enterprise Technology Partners (ETP) 

ETP is an international software company whose attention is leveraged on
developing and delivering cutting edge enterprise solutions for the
retail and distributions industry.

Armed with 17 years of business insight and experience in the enterprise
software industry, ETP emerged from “Enterprise Technology Partners”
– an indication of understanding that customers wanted a partner to
work with in the enterprise software space.

Designation	:	Software Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities	:	System Designing, Framework Designing,
Development

Experience	:	2 .2 years

PRODUCT EXPERIENCE

#1 Supply Chain Management (SCM)      

  Organization	Enterprise Technology Partners (ETP)

     Team Size	20

       Duration	JUN 2005 – Till Date

Technologies	JSP, Servlet, EJB (Stateless session & MDB), XML, XSL,
AJAX, Web Services.

Database Server	MS SQL2000/2005,MySQL

Application Server	jboss-4.0.2

IDE	Eclipse3.1,EditPlus



Description:

ETP Supply Chain is the on line retail supply chain backbone of the ETP
VX enterprise solution. ETP Supply Chain is a multi-company,
multi-currency, and multi-lingual supply- chain solution. The solution
takes care of very specific retail industry requirements. SCM is being
designed & developed with Service Oriented Architecture.

Responsibilities:

Active participation in Architecture design, creation of templates for
various activities involved in SCM such as

Implementation of J2EE patterns DAO and Transfer Object. 

Implementation of J2EE patterns session Facade, Service Locater. 

Implemented  of various application level common  services  for project 

Common list service for all masters & transactions.

Common F4 service to get valid reference data.  

Common validation service.

Implementation User Management and Session Tracking.

Created various tools for faster project development. 

Architectural support to development team, Development of SCM Masters &
transaction, Delivery to client, and support during UAT and for live
environment. 

Migration of SCM on IBM products (Web sphere App Server CE and DB2
Express C).





#2 Jab Scheduler

  Organization	Enterprise Technology Partners (ETP)

     Team Size	2

       Duration	OCT 2006 – Nov 2006

Technologies	Java

Database Server	MSSQL2000/2005, Oracle8i, MySQL

IDE	Eclipse3.1,EditPlus

Description:

Job scheduler is an enterprise software application that is in charge of
unattended background executions. It provides a graphical user interface
and a single point of control for definition and monitoring of
background executions in a distributed network of computers. Job
schedulers are required to orchestrate the integration of real-time
business activities with traditional background IT processing.

Responsibilities:

Analysis of requirement, Designing ,Coding, Testing

Implementation of Jobs.

Integration with various projects.





Company:  NICT, Network for Information & Computer Technologies,

#3 Automation for MCD School Education Project

  Organization	NICT, Network for Information & Computer Technologies,

     Team Size	3

       Duration	Jan 2004 – Jun 2004

Technologies	Java1.3, jsp1.1

Database Server	MSSQL2000

Application Server	jboss-4.0.2

IDE	Microsoft FrontPage



Description:

This project deals with Operation and Accounts through the web for MCD
School Education Project which is assign to NICT Indore by Municipal
Corporation Delhi. It automates the administrative process of Head
Office, to control the activities of schools. 

Responsibilities:

Active participation in GUI designs, creation of templates for various
html & JSP page.





Vivek Kumar Sahu

