Mallikarjuna Reddy.M	E-mail: malli.nav@gmail.com

	Phone: +91-9819718277.

SUMMARY:

Having 2+ years of experience in Software Development.

Experience in Java and J2EE for developing web applications.

Having Strong Java expertise programming with Servlets, EJB, JDBC, JSP
and                             

          Struts. 

Exposure to all phases of software development lifecycle.

Team Player with good Technical, Analytical and Communicational skills

Professional Qualifications:

Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A), from Sri Venkateswara
University, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh (INDIA).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Working as Software Engineer in Net Reach Asia Software Pvt Ltd, Mumbai
since Sep‘2006 to till date   

Worked as Software Engineer at First Apex Software Technologies,
Bangalore from May’05 to Aug’2006.

TECHNICAL PROFILE

	Operating Systems	: 	MS-DOS, Windows 9X/NT/XP/2000

	Programming Languages	:        SQL, PL/SQL and JAVA

	J2EE Technologies	: 	JDBC, Servlets, JSP, EJB, Design Patterns  

	Framework	: 	Jakarta Struts

	Web/Application Servers	: 	Apache Tomcat, Web Logic

	Web Technologies	: 	HTML, DHTML, JavaScript

	Databases	: 	Oracle8i

	Tools	: 	Eclipse, Toad.

Project #1

Title 			: 	  HYPERLINK "mailto:Mis@Asia"  Mis@Asia  System

Client 			:	Compass

Role 			: 	Team Member

Team Size 		:          6

Environment		:	 Windows XP, JSP, EJB, Struts, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL

Duration 		:          Sep 2006 to Till Date

Application Server  :         Web logic

Description: 

                     A number of Asian Copyright Societies have come
together to develop a computer system to aid their function as copyright
administration bodies and at the same time to improve the communications
between the relevant societies. The proposed system will cater to the
needs of all the societies involved as a means of maintaining a database
of information and using this information to distribute the royalties
collected and thereby providing the necessary support to users of music.

                     It maintains the Agreements between Societies and
Members. It can contribute the Finance between Societies and Members
according to the Agreements. It provides the Relationship between
Publisher and Sub-Publisher about Music Works Individually. The main
modules being contained in this project are Membership, Documentation or
Works, Performances Logging, Agreements, Distribution, Adjustments,
Reports and control.

Responsibilities: 

Responsible for writing Jsp’s.

Responsible for writing the Session Beans.

Involved in coding using JDBC.

Developed necessary Dynamic data representation of data using Struts
Framework.

Project# 2:

Title	 :   Insurance Management System

Client	                   :   Tec Discovery, USA

Duration	 :   Jan’06 to Aug’06.

Technologies	 :   JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts, Oracle 8i.

Application Server:   Web logic

Description:    

                      Tec Discovery provides a wide range of insurance
policies such as Life Insurance, Fire Insurance, Motor Vehicle
Insurance, Accidental and healthcare Insurance etc. The main modules
being contained in this project are Production Processing, Production
Definition, Customer Services, Customer Policy, Cashier, Claims,
Billing, Banking, Rep Remuneration and Underwriting. Production
Processing: This is the entry point to start the business processes. PP
mainly comprises the UI screens used to enter the Policies/UCD’s as
batches from the sales representatives on weekly basis. PP involves the
control, keying or alternatively scanning of the applications, renewals
and reinstatements in a week of work by the field reps. The PP component
enables the new business department to deal effectively with all returns
from the various sales forces within agreed time scales. Business
returned includes New Applications, Field Renewals and Field
Reinstatements. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

Developing Servlets, JSP’s.

Developing validations using Struts Framework.

Developing Action Classes and Form Beans.

Modeling the database by using DAO’s.

Project #3:

Title                     : 	  Banking Management System

Client 	        : 	  Bank of Chicago, Chicago

Environment        :   Web Logic, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Windows 2000, SQL
Server.                                                                 
                                                   

Duration               :   May’05 to Dec’05

Application Server:   Web logic

Description: 

                         This mainly deals with a system that supports
various operations like crediting, debiting of transactions through
online. A customer can take any type of account and can access the
services with proper authorization. In this insurance plans are provided
to the customers depending on the type of the account. 

Responsibilities:

Involved in developing Servlets 

Developing ejb’s using sessionbeans.

Involved in developing HTML

