Prakash.P

E-mail: omprakashreddy.p@gmail.com

Mobile: +91-9867008872

Career objective:

Seeking a challenging career to contribute and grow in the area of
Design and Development and to perform better in terms of value, quality
and bound to command success and to work in an innovative and
competitive world.

Summary:

Having 2.2 years of experience on Java and J2EE.

(    Good knowledge in Object Oriented Programming Concepts.  

(    My work experience covers Java Technologies like JSP,Servlets and
Struts 

Knowledge in EJB.

Experience in development of Server side and Client side applications

Ability to quickly master new software and apply its range of
capabilities.

Experience:

Working as a Software Engineer for  Patni Computers System

                Mumbai from December 2006 to till date.

Worked as a Software Engineer in Ivision Solutions from 

     April 2005 to November 2006.

Education Qualifications:

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering from 

             J.N.T.U. Hyderabad.

Technical Skills:

         Operating Systems	:     MSDOS, Windows 95/98, Windows NT/2000.

         Languages	:     JAVA, C++.

         Database		:     Oracle 8i ,SQL Server. 

         Java Technologies	:     JDBC, Servlets, JSP, STRUTS ,EJB.

         Tools			:     Eclipse 3.1.

         Web Servers		:     Tomcat 5.1.

         Application Server	:     BEAWeblogic7.1, JBoss.

Project Details:

Project #1

Project Name		:       DISTRIBUTED COMMUNICATION

Role		:       Team Member

Team Size                          :        8

Environment		:       Java, STRUTS, WebLogic7.1, Eclipse, Oracle 8i      
                                                                     

Description:

        The distributed communication is a Web-based system, designed
for PROPEST.co Ltd, which gives the information relating to the clients
and dealers of the company with respect to its pesticides product
launches, which would minimize the flaws of the existing system. 

         This Web application cum automation system has been developed
to be implemented as a fallow up system for current existing system. The
specific purpose of this system is together and process information
about different clients, dealer’s interest and queries through the
LAN\Internet.

Responsibilities:

Involved in the coding to develop screens.

Involved in Unit Level testing.

Project #2

Project Name		          :       Time Sheet Management System

Client		:       CSS Assc,UK. 

Role		:       Team Member.

Environment		:      Core Java, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, WebLogic, Oracle8i.

Description:

            

           This application is all about maintaining employee’s work
status in an organization and generating billing reports that he worked
on projects on hours basis. This project is having  modules namely Time
Sheet, Defect  Tracking, Resource Utilization ,Release of Resources
,Project Management.

 Time Sheet: This module consists of maintaining the time sheet of an
employee for every day , which includes how many projects that the
intended employee is handling and how many hours is going to work and
how much amount of time he is allocated for the respective projects on a
given day .once he entered all the details has to submit it to the
project manager.

Defect Management: This module is  designed for project manager to get
the  feed of the employee that he worked on a particular project.

    	 Resource utilization: this module maintains all the resources like
employees , computers

    	 Project manager maintains all the resources  and allocates and
reallocate the employees to work on a particular project.

Release of Resources: This module ensures that the resources like
employees will be released from the respective projects once they are
completed and they should be allocated to do another project.

Project Management: This module is all about maintaining the relation
ship between organization and the client.

Organization will give feed back to the client about the particular
project and the number of employees working on that project. Its up to
the client that will issue a time period for the completion of the
project. 

Responsibilities:

Involved in development Of Servlets and JSPs.

Development of User Interface screens (GUI).

Interconnectivity of database through JDBC.

Project #3

Project Name		:       Public Allies Network 

Client		:       Nisance Inc, USA.

Role		:       Team Member

Environment		:       JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Oracle, Tomcat. 

Description:

	Public Allies is one of the leading voluntary organizations of USA.  It
deals with a very large number of social workers distributed across
different geographical locations that has been voluntarily registered in
this organization.  The organization is responsible for spreading out
various social activities for helping out poor children’s in the
developing countries all over the world.  

Responsibilities:

Involved in Coding Servlets and JDBC.

Involved in Unit Level testing and integration testing.

	P. Prakash 

	  

