                                                                        
     

                        

 Brijendra Jaiswal                          

  Software Developer                                                Mob 
 	  : 09967978020

  ABM Knowledgeware Ltd                                       Email	  :
bjaiswal@gmail.com

  Mumbai. (Maharashtra)

                               

 Objective 

To obtain high level of excellence in the growth oriented organization
and to utilize myself as a resource for all kind of challenging jobs by
upgrading my knowledge and skills from time to time and be an epitome of
creativity and teamwork.

Currently I am working with ABM Knowledgeware Ltd. Mumbai as a J2EE
Developer.

Professional Qualification

Master of Computer Application (M.C.A.) in 2005 from North Maharashtra
University, Jalgaon (M.H.)

	

Technical Skills

Languages        			: C++, Java,JSP,Servlet,J2ME

Web Technologies         		:JSP, HTML.

Operating System		: MS-DOS, Windows 9x/xp, Windows 2000 Advanced Server.

Database              		: Microsoft Access-2000, SQL-Server 2000. MySQL.

Recent Projects

 1.   Project Name		:MSEDCL(Maharastra Estate Electricity Distribution  
  

                                                          Company
Limited)

       Team Size	 		: 3

       Technology Used	 	: JSP,Oracle-9i,Tomcat-Apache 5.5

       Roll	 		: Development  Debugging.

       Description	   	: There are two modules in this software.

				CFC (Consumer Facilitation Center)module

				CMS (Consumer Monitoring System)Module

				Project follow the MVC architecture CFC Client Module allows
consumer to add NSC (New Service Connection) facilty and all report
which is generated under the client convience.				            

CMS Client module provides group full monitoring facility when the batch
is uploaded by the CFC and after integrated with server data it’s show
the whole report on the web .

  2.   Project Name		: SMPP Server and Client Application

        Team Size	 		: 3

        Technology Used	 	: Java,SQL Server 2k

        Roll	 		: Development, Testing & Debugging.

        Description	   	: There are two modules in this software.

				SMPP Client module

				SMPP Server Module

				SMPP Client Module allows sending of Text, Binary, Flash and 				   
         Unicode message. SMPP Client module provides group reation, 	

user management, search facility, message log, delivery status 	        
   and group messaging. It provides facility to upload text, CSV and    
           excel files. SMPP Client tool is with DNS customers to
connect 	             to DNS SMPP Server using SMPP protocol. SMPP
Server module allows SMPP Clients to connect to SMPP Sever and send  
messsages. All the user authentication and  verification part is done on
the SMPP Server side. All the credit  management and error handling is
done on the server side.SMPP server stores data in temporary database
and send it to the SMSC. It also provides instant delivery status of the
message submitted to the SMSC.

        

 3.     Project Name		: Daily Reporting System

         Team Size		: 3

         Technology Used	: Java, SQL Server 

         Roll                                    : Develop modem
application Development, Testing &

  				  Debugging.

         Description		: In this System two modules are there.

1. Handset Application

2. SMS sending Application in java through Modem

Developed front-end application which is used to submit daily sales data
from various stores like Spencer’s, Food Bazaar etc located anywhere
in India. Sales persons of JNJ visit the store and collect the sales
data, the stores visit by the sales person are maintained from the
back-end. Application has menus for the store selection and products.
Sales person fills the sales quantity for the products and after this
the final message payload is prepared which involves sales data for
various stores and send it in real time over SMS

     

    

  4.   Project Name		: Bulk SMS Aggregator

         Team Size		: 3

         Technology Used	: JSP, SQL Server 

         Roll                                    : Development, Testing
& Debugging.

         Description		: 

A Complete site work for sending sms and bulk sms solution for corporate
there is also facility to upload excel and text file data and send flash
Massage.

         

  5.   Project Name		: MR Reporting

       Client			: Pharma Company

       Team Size			:  2

       Technology Used		: J2me ToolKit 2.2,CLDC 1.0/1.1,MIDP 2.0, SQL
Server 2k

       Description 	:This application send the data,that populate data
though     interface and store entire data in backend system.

       Roll                                	: Development, Testing &
Debugging.

 6.   Project Name		: Sales-Order

       Client			: Finolex Cable Pvt. Ltd.

       Team Size			: 3

       Technology Used		: J2me ToolKit 2.2,CLDC 1.0/1.1,MIDP 2.0, SQL
Server 2k

       Roll                                      : Development, Testing
& Debugging.

       Description 		:

This application send the data,that populate data though interface and
store entire data in backend system

        

  7.   Project Name		: Test Online

        Team Size			: 3

        Technology Used		: JSP, SQL Server 2k

        Roll			: UI. Design, development, Testing & Debugging.

        Description	: This Application conduct the online test for the
c, c++ and java. The main feature of the test is the randomly generated
questions and the time period for each.             

         

Academic Qualifications :

Bachelor of Science (Specialization: Maths) from Chhatrapati sahu ji
Maharaj University, Kanpur (U.P).	

   Personal Profile : 

 

    Father’s Name               :    Mr. R.R.Jaiswal       

    Contact No.                    :    09967978020

    DOB                               :    20th Aug 1981

    Gender                           :    Male

    Marital Status                 :    Single

    Language Known           :    English, Hindi

    Nationality	                 :    Indian

    Address                          :    Virandavan Apartment, Room No.
- 309

                                               Yashwant Nagar, Santacruz
(E)

                                                Mumbai. (Maharashtra)

Date:   

Place:  Mumbai (Maharashtra) 		                                         
       ( Brijendra Jaiswal ) 				                            	

