Manisha S. Bagal

Plot No.84, Sector 11, Juhugaon, Vashi, 

New Mumbai – 400703, India.	Mobile: 9819979234

Email: manishabagal@yahoo.co.in

1.6 yrs. of experience in Web Technologies (Java - J2EE)



  Profile Summary:

1.6 yrs. months of IT experience

Specializing in J2EE framework architecture and Object oriented
technologies. Well versed with web related technologies.

Executed development, testing, in the software process. 

Extensive knowledge in Java, J2EE (Servlets, JSP, JDBC), Struts,
hibernate & Ajax Basics,SQL Server.

Experienced in development and deployment of Tomcat 5.0 and Apache web
server.

Experience in developing systems with Travel domain,  & Job wed site.

Highly motivated and team spirited individual with passion for learning
and has the capability to meet deadlines in a fast paced environment.

Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills.

   Educational Background:  

PGDST From CDAC(NCST) – Mumbai

Diploma in Computer Technology from Bharati Vidhyapeeth, 

CBD Belpada College, Navi Mumbai. 

   Technical Skills: 

Web Technologies	HTML, DHTML, JavaScript

Java Technologies	Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Struts, Hibernate

Application Servers	Tomcat 5.0

Databases	Oracle 9i, SQL server, Postgre SQL basics

IDE Tools	Jcreator 5, My Eclipse 3.0(Eclipse)

Programming Languages	Java, C, C++

Modeling Language	UML

Operating Systems	Windows 95/98/NT/2000, Linux

Front End Development	Dreamweaver, Front Page

Report Developing Software	IReport5



   Work History:

 

Aspirtek Tech. Pvt. Ltd, Mahape, Navi Mumbai                    	Dec
2006 – till date

Software Programmer

Aspirtek T. pvt. Ltd(Yuj systems Pvt. Ltd.) is a professional services
firm that provides IT and IT enabled services to manage growing
enterprises, e-business transformation, process engineering,.

SelectLeaders 

       SelectLeaders is a real estate job network formed along with
their associated partners. The project comprises of two main sections : 

Employers and Candidates . 

Employers section is further decomposed into following parts :  

      My Account,  Resumes, My Jobs, Post a Job, Notifications, Users .

      

Employers can register and post jobs, view candidate resumes and post
comments on them, add in-person interviews or phone interview schedules
, ask questions to the candidate whose skills match their requirements,
set reminders. 

Candidates section is further decomposed into the following parts :

My Account, Resumes, My Jobs, Job Alert, Notifications, Search.

      

Candidates will be allowed to register , search and apply for jobs
posted by

the employers. Candidates can add resumes & cover letters for different
job titles,

add comments on the jobs, set reminders . They can add job alerts and
also 

respond to the questions asked by any employer.

Client 

 TechSmart Solutions Group, USA.

Responsibility

Systems Requirements: Use Case Analysis

Designing: User Interfaces

Implementation: Development and Testing

Implemented & Assisted in overall project designing and coding

Developed code for Candidate PART- My Account, Resumes Tabs

Coded Search Job- Apply Part

Handled two cases if  Candidate logged in / not logged in 

Environment: JavaJ2EE, JSP, Struts, Hibernate, Javascript, Eclipse(My
Eclipse), Tomcat 5.0 & Postgre SQL server

Aeon Software Ltd, Saki Vihar, Mumbai                                  
June 2006 – Nov. 2006

Software Programmer 



Aeon Software Pvt. Ltd. Is in software development in the following
areas

Enterprise database Solution using SQL Server, enterprise Business
¹To-Business solution, 

enterprise Data mining and Business Intelligence too & RFID Application.

Worked at client location Taurian Engineering Pvt Ltd. 

A group company of Taurian iron & STeel co pvt ltd a leader in iron ore
mining having their own mines and crushing and screening palnts. 

Taurian Software

Taurian software, keep track of extracted ore from mine, transportation
details, stock send to plant for processing like crushing & screening,
stock send to external parties & sliding.

Responsibility

Primary responsibility is to implement new functionality to exiting
developed project according to client request & provide resolution for
bugs related to previously developed code.

Develop reports for modules like transporter / contractor
reconciliation, stock report

       Production report, MIS report.

Develop form & embedded report showing plant equipment details (m/c
usage  & service), details of accessory (e.g. fuel receive, issue,
usage) for these equipments. 		

Modified some reports as per requirement using advance functionality 

Implemented Sql stored procedures

Environment: iReport, Jcreator, Java, Jasper reports, J2EE, JSP, Struts,
java script & SQL Server

 

  

Verchaska Infotech Pvt. Ltd, Khar, Mumbai                               
  January 2005 – June 2005

Trainee
Softwa敲䔠杮湩敥⁲䨨䔲⁅敄敶潬数⥲܇嘍牥档獡慫䤠普
瑯捥⁨牐癩瑡⁥楌業整⁤獩愠氠慥楤杮琠慲敶⁬整档潮
潬祧挠浯慰祮椠⁮湉楤⹡嘠牥档獡慫瀠潲楶敤⁳潣獮汵
楴杮愠摮椠普牯慭楴湯琠捥湨汯杯⁹敳癲捩獥മ

Provesio™ - pricer 

Provesio™ -pricer is a Fare distribution & pricing solution for
Airlines and their ticketing agents. It is an Airline ticketing tool,
connecting travel agents and airlines. It handles the complex pricing
calculations for easier ticketing, after considering airline markdown &
agent mark-up. 

Responsibilities 

Implemented the Airlines Ticket Stock module.

Built the helper classes assisting the calculations for the airline
modules.

Assisted in System testing and project documentation.

Provesio™ - compact

Provesio™ - compact is a Travel Solution for Travel Agents, Hoteliers,
Consolidators, Travel Service Providers and Customers. Managing hotel,
package, sightseeing, transfers and other miscellaneous booking, with
rates and availability.

Complete transaction process, confirmation, cancellation, alternate
offer, vouchering & finally invoice. Managing applications rights for
various types of users and accordingly allow transactions.

Responsibilities 

Developed and integrated the entire transaction process Module. 

Built the helper classes to enhance the functionality of transaction
process.

Developed code for Transfer module.

GTS (Griffin Travel Solution)

Griffin Marine Travel is the largest Marine Travel Agent in the world
with 23 locations. The software is an airline travel solution. This
application is an extension of the existing product Provesio™ - pricer
[details above]. The application is connected with the GDS [Amadeus]
system, to provide real-time airline ticket booking, PNR confirmation,
splitting, queuing. 

Responsibilities

Designed Website security enhancement features.

Developed code for keeping track of Login/Logoff History & generation of
reports 

Developed code for concurrent session limits and password reset
management. 

Environment: Java, J2EE[Servlets, JSP, JDBC], MS SQL, JavaScript, Tomcat
5.0.19  & Linux

PROJECTS DEVELOPED AT NCST



Adaptive Learning Methodology

Is a portal of applications in which student’s can enroll in an
institute which offers various online courses for one year. All the
study materials, assignment and exam papers will be online.  The student
can have access to course material using their id & password provided at
the time of registration. Students are given some constraint to clear
the course like stepwise clearing of assignments, weekly papers and then
final online exam for each particular module. 

Responsibilities 

Keeping a track of the registered students & design modules for
administrative functions

Built a database, based on the student/admin and exam paper setups. Add,
Update and Delete entries from the database.

Generated student’s status report and finally report cards.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, HTML, ER-Diagrams, SQL
Server and JavaScript

Transport Layer Simulation 

The objective of the project was to demonstrate the working of the
Transport layer. The simulation program has three modules. Transport
module, application module, and lower layer module.

Responsibilities

Implemented the design of the project as per TCP state transition
diagram

Developed Code for DISCONNECT state event of the process and TPDUs for
storing data of each process 

Environment: Linux operating system, Core Java

CRC Editor

CRC Editor (Class-Responsibility-Collaborator) allows a designer to
maintain CRC cards. This method consists of creation of CRC cards for
each class and then exploring the design using these cards. The card
records the name of the class, responsibilities of the class and
collaborators per responsibility. And it lists the name of its parent or
parents, as the case might be.

Application allows a class designer to create and manage her CRC cards.
A designer is able to create a CRC card, specify the parent class,
specify the methods of the class and for each method, specify the
collaborators if any. Application doesn’t allow cyclic inheritance
between classes and it allows querying it to generate reports like
“List all classes derived from the class A” etc.

Responsibilities

Designed CRC cards of 4 inch-by-6 inch using Ncurses library, which was
used to record information of each class.

Code to query vector objects to generate reports.

Environment: Linux, GNU C++ text mode, N-curses Library features  

CPU Scheduling 

The objective was to simulate working of CPU scheduling algorithm. 

Implemented 

Priority scheduling algorithm (Non preemptive)

Shortest Job First (SJF) scheduling algorithm (Non preemptive)

Shortest Remaining Time (SRT) scheduling algorithm (preemptive)

3

5

t

5

u

v

฀t

u

”

•

¤

ª

Ó

*

.

h

＀ᘜ≨茝㔀脈⨾䌁ᑊ伀͊儀͊愀ᑊḀv

”

•

´

阂s鐇î혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇à혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇à혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇à혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇î혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇î혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇à혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇î혈0贂᛿봋!褆

阂s鐇à혈0贂᛿봋!褆

؀Ò

Ó

Õ

Ö

×

Ø

Ù

Ú

Û

ì

î

阂s鐇î혈0贂᛿봋!褆

ᐅ਀&䘋

ሉ਀&䘋

਀&䘋

ᐅ਀&䘋

ᘀs like Response time, waiting time, and turnaround time etc. for each
process was displayed in tabular format showing which algorithms was
better for which combination of processes.

In priority scheduling, processes execute as per the priority assigned
to them & SRT is a preemptive scheduling algorithm that preempts
processes as per given fixed time and executes another process.

Responsibilities

Implemented SJF algorithm coding which concluded that shortest process
which get executed before any large process as per the estimated time
calculation for each process. 

Estimated time was calculated using alpha value & formula.

Environment: Linux, GNU C++ text mode

Notice Period: 20 days

Current Organization: Aspirtek Tech. Pvt, Ltd.

Current Location: Mahape, Navi Mumbai.

Current Designation: Software Programmer

Currently working on Permanent or Contract: Permanent

Date of Birth: 19 Nov 1979

Total Experience: 1.6 yrs.

  

