MAHESH M. KAMTHE

Sr. Software Engineer

Mail id :   HYPERLINK "mailto:anuradhaammal@hotmail.com" 
mkamthe@yahoo.com 

Contact No.: 09324944496(Mobile), 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

3.9 years of experience in Software Analysis, Design & Development. 

Maintained and executed various projects developed on Microsoft
Platforms and other technologies like MS .Net, MS VB 6.0, MS SQL Server,
MS Access, Oracle and Crystal Reports.

Understands the Full Software Development Life Cycle including
requirements gathering, logical and physical design, implementation,
unit testing, deployment, production support and mentoring.

Involved in critical projects delivered under tight schedules and
stressful conditions in development, deployment and production
environments.

EDUCATION

	

1999-2002: Bachelor of Information Technology  ( BIT ) Secured 70% from
Manipal Academy of Higher Education, (MAHE), Karnataka. 

March 1999: XII th passed with 65% from (Maharashtra State Board of
Higher Secondary Education), Mumbai.

1999-2002 : Appeared for ACCP Institution – Aptech Computer Education
(Pune), Maharashtra

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems	DOS, Windows 98/2000/ XP, 9x

Languages Known	C,C++, SQL, VB.Net, VB 6.0, T–SQL, PL/SQL

Databases	SQL Server 2000, Oracle,  Access 

Reporting Tools	Seagate Crystal Reports

Technologies	NET framework, COM/DCOM,  Active X, Web Services, XML,
HTML, ODBC, OLEDB

Application Server	IIS

Tools & Utilities	Visual SourceSafe 6.0 (Version Control)

EMPLOYEMNT HISTORY

Currently working at aurionPro Solutions Pvt. Ltd as Sr. Software
Engineer (Project Lead) from December 2004 – till date.

Worked for Astech Computer Services Ltd as Software Developer. From
March 2003 – December 2004

REMARKABLE PROJECTS Undertaken

Project:	Currency Chest Management System					

Duration: 6 Months

Role: Project Lead 

Client: HDFC Bank Ltd.

Project Description: Its is system which helps HDFC bank to keep track
of transactions taking place in the Currency Chest and generating
Accounting Entries files to notify transactions to the Core Banking
System systems. Generating MIS reports.

Responsibilities:	

Gathering User Requirement

Creating User and System Requirement Document

Project planning and leading the team.

Designing and estimating the development efforts.

Assigning activities to the team members

Interacting with the Testing Team and Business

Conducting Unit & Integration Testing

Development and coding 

Environment: ASP.Net 2.0, Crystal Reports, IIS 6.0, SQL Server 2005

Project: CSMS (Centralized Security Management System)

Duration: 3 Months

Role: Project Lead 

Client: HDFC Bank Ltd.

Project Description: This system Is developed as a centralized access
control component to control the user access to various applications and
managing their access profiles of the application. It also helps admin
to perform various user/security management related activities.
Generating MIS reports.

Responsibilities:	

Gathering User Requirement

Creating User and System Requirement Document

Project planning and leading the team.

Designing and estimating the development efforts.

Assigning activities to the team members

Interacting with the Testing Team and Business

Conducting Unit & Integration Testing

Development and coding 

Environment: ASP.Net 2.0, Crystal Reports, IIS 6.0, SQL Server 2005

Project:	NEFT							

Duration: 3 Months

Role: Project Lead 

Client: HDFC Bank Ltd.

Project Description: Its is system which helps HDFC bank to keep track
of transactions taking place in the Core Banking System and generating
NEFT message files to notify transactions to the external systems.

Responsibilities:	

Gathering User Requirement

Creating User and System Requirement Document

Project planning and leading the team.

Designing and estimating the development efforts.

Assigning activities to the team members

Interacting with the Testing Team and Business

Conducting Unit & Integration Testing

Development and coding 

Environment: ASP.Net 2.0, Crystal Reports, IIS 6.0, SQL Server 2005

Project: RRBMerger									              Duration: 6 months

Client: HDFC Bank Ltd.

Role: Senior Software Engg.

Project Description: The RRB Merging Application is to provide a common
interface for management of all the Relief Bond Schemes introduced by
RBI from the stage of investment to the stage of redemption

Responsibilities:

Development of GUI

Development of Business Layer

Data Migration

Implementation and delivery of the application

Environment: VB6.0, COM, Crystal Report 6.0, MS SQL Server 2000

OTHER PROJECTS UNDERGONE

DWMS (Dividend Warrant	Management System) (Live) : DWMS is used to
maintain various kinds of deals for different clients. Its main feature
is to keep track of Cheque Clearing process and Special Request on
behalf of the client for the deals maintained in the system. This helps
bank to keep control on the clearing process as well as various
operations perform on the Cheques/Warrants time to time.

CBS (Co-Op Bank Fund Management System) (Live) : This system is used to
track processing Demand Drafts (HDFC cheques issued by bank to Co-Op
Banks) issued by Co-op banks to their clients. This system has various
modules like Cheque Book request Cheque Allocation, Instrument Viewer,
Stop Pay/Cancel, Reverse Stop Pay/Cancel, Clearing etc. This system has
separate reporting module in which user can produce various MIS reports.
Using this system bank can monitor the overall processing of a cheque
series allocated to a co-op bank at instrument level.

 Production, Accounting, Inventory And Export Document Management :
Following are the major modules I have worked on –

Production Control – This module mainly controls raw material
consumption required for production and update inventory accordingly.

Inventory Control –  This module keeps track of the sales-purchase of
the raw material as well as finished products. It also maintains current
stock status for raw material, finished products and material wastage.

Accounting –  This module provides basics accounting facility to
package to maintain accounting transaction and produces daily reports
(Cashbook, Bankbook etc.) and final reports (Trial balance, Balance
sheet, P & L statement etc.)

Invoicing and Export documentation - Invoice helps buying corporations
receive invoices from suppliers, check those invoices for accuracy, and
initiate payment back to the suppliers. It also produces export
documents required for export of the export.

Additional – This system supports Multiple Currencies and produces
documents accordingly.

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Name: Mahesh Maruti Kamthe.

Address : Bhausaheb Shinde Chawl, Plot 168/ Room 19,

	    Mahatma Phule Road, Naigaon, Dadar (E), 

    Mumbai : 400014.

    Opp. Kohinoor Mills Compound Gate.

Date of Birth : 27 January 1981	

Age : 25

E-mail :   HYPERLINK "mailto:kamthe_mahesh@yahoo.com" 
kamthe_mahesh@yahoo.com 

	 mkamthe@yahoo.com

Mobile No :  09324944496

Total IT Experience : 3.9 + Yrs.

Current Company : aurionPro Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Unit 404, Winchester,
High Street, Hiranandani Gardens, (Near Zenta),  Powai, Mumbai - 400 076


Preferred Location to work : Mumbai, Pune, Banglore, Hyderabad, Delhi,
Chennai, Kolkata

Current CTC : 3 Lakhs P/A

Expected CTC :  6 Lakhs (Negotiable)

Time Required To Join: 15-30 Days

OBJECTIVE

    

 To expand and utilize my knowledge in the best interest of the
organization and self. Looking forward to a professional growth as
Software Professional and achieve new heights of success in the IT
industry.

ABOUT ME

	 

With attitude to learn new things, extensive domain knowledge,
hardworking nature and strong problem solving skills I can prove  myself
as an asset to the company.

Carrier Profile: Mahesh Kamthe		Page   PAGE  6  of   NUMPAGES  6 

