Name              : Shivakumar.P.Yadav

Date of Birth  : 13th January, 1979

E-Mail ID        :    HYPERLINK "mailto:k_shiv@hotmail.com" 
k_shiv@hotmail.com 

                       :  k_shivv@yahoomail.com

Tel                  :  022-28826563

Mobile            :  09869395064	Address: 1/3 Mavalankar Nagar,

Dattamandir Road,

Malad (East),

Mumbai : 400 097



Objective:

To work as an applications or systems programmer in a software company
where I can utilize and apply my analytical design, development and
problem solving skills.

Summary:

MCA with 2 years experience in Visual Studio.Net, C#.Net, ADO.Net,
ASP.Net, VB.Net, MS-SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 9.0.

Also familiar with a vast array of programming languages, concepts and
technologies, including, but not limited to: Object Oriented
programming, Web application development, Relational Database, Eclipse,
Java, C, C++, HTML, JavaScript, SQL, i80x86 assembly, COBOL, Databases
and UNIX. 

Certifications: MCP in Developing and Implementing Windows Based
Applications with Microsoft Visual C#.Net and Microsoft Visual
Studio.Net.

Work Experience:	

Presently employed with Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, Mumbai, as a
Software Engineer

From May 2005. Working on C# .Net Technology and SQL Server 2000.

Previously employed with Corcomp Infosystems Pvt Ltd., Mumbai,
http://www.corcomp.com, as a Developer in C#.Net and VB.Net, From
January 2004 to May 2005; Working on development, enhancements and bug
fixing of Bicycle Framework which is a proprietary .NET application
development framework created by Corcomp Infosystems Pvt Ltd.

Current Project for Financial Technologies:

Client: - MCX (Multi Commodity Exchange)

Project Name: - PSC (Primary Service Controller)

Environment/Language: - Visual Studio.Net, C#.Net

Duration: - Under development.

Team Size: - 15

Description: -

PSCUI (Primary Service Controller- User Interface)

Is an UI for an application server, which decides about the
initialization of all other server components like THS (Transaction Host
Server), OMX (Order Management Exchange), also STARTS and STOPS these
components. In case of any components getting crashed, then at that time
PSC decides what all components required to be initialized.

Created a number of Views that displays the User Information, Connection
Information, Contract Information, and Order Information.

It also functions as a Front End for the Exchange Administrators to
perform other activities such as.

Changing Admin Passwords.

Managing and Updating Entity Information

Managing Connection Information

Creating new Entity.

Surveillance Maintenance.

Responsibilities: -

Designing various types of input Forms and Views.

Creating Custom Controls, which are used in the Forms.

Using exposed methods for updating the data entered in the Form.

Implementing the Business Logic as per the Specification.

Testing all the forms and their functionalities.

Role: - Programmer

Projects Completed for Corcomp Infosystems:

Project 1: -

	Project Name: - Report Writer

Environment/Language: -  Visual Studio.Net, C#.Net

Duration: - 4 months

Team Size: - 2

Description: - 

Report Writer is a report generating tool developed using Bicycle
Framework 

which is a proprietary .NET application development framework developed
by Corcomp 

Infosystem. This tool designs two types of Report, one is the Text
Report which uses dos characters for drawing lines and boxes, the
another is the Graphical Report which uses the graphic characters for
drawing lines and boxes. All parameter information and data passed to
design the report is stored in the form of a XML document. 

Role: - Programmer

Project 2: -

Client: - Roche Diagnostics. Andheri (India)

Project Name: - Logistics Management

Environment/Language: -  Visual Studio.Net, C#.Net

Reporting Tool: - Crystal Reports 9.0

Database: - SQL Server 2000

Role: - Coding and Testing

Duration : -  3 months

Team Size: - 4

Description: -

The main functionality of this module is to Track the Movement and
present location of the goods in different warehouses located in many
different places.

This module also provides with various reports such as Stock Transfer
Order, Stock Transfer Report, Inventory Status Report, Goods Expiry
Ageing Report etc.

It also consists of various Master Forms as well as Transaction Forms.
It also provides information about the overall quantity of goods been
stored in all of the branches.

Role: - Programmer

Project 3: -

Client: - GrandPrix (Division of Parekh Integrated Services), India

Project Name: - Business Process Module

Environment/Language: -  Visual Studio.Net, C#.Net

Reporting Tool: - Crystal Reports 9.0

Database: - SQL Server 2000

Duration: - 2 months

Team Size: - 3

Description: -

This project is a pure business application specifically developed for
GrandPrix (Division of Parekh Integrated Services). This module consists
of some Master forms such as Account, Customers, Contact, Bank, Schedule
etc. and it also consists of some Transaction forms such as Journal,
Receipt and Payment, Bank Reconcilation Statement, Account Transfer,
ARAP, Bank Upload Statement etc.

Role: - Programmer

Curriculum Projects (MCA): - 

Project 1: -

	Company: - Adobe Systems, Seattle, USA

	Project Name: - Emanager

Environment/Language: - Visual Studio.Net, VB.Net, C#.Net

	Database: - SQL Server 2000 

Role: - Designer and Programmer

Duration: - 6 months

	Team size: - 1

Description: - 

Emanager is a web based intranet application, which is being used inside
the organization in all the adobe offices worldwide. This application
was created for managing and administering windows accounts and groups
in Windows NT or Windows 2000, Active Directory Environment. Primarily
this application was designed to be used by Service Desk technicians,
Desktop technicians, Windows Administrators and General Users based on
the access level defined in the system. Emanager has an extensive
logging mechanism for logging every single operation. This project was
developed using ASP.NET, VB Script, C#, HTML and extensively used ADSI
(Active Directory Services Interface) and WMI (Windows Management
Instrumentation) Api’s. SQL Server 2000 database was used for storing
application and logging information and for generating various detailed
reports to track the application usage etc.,

Some of the features, capabilities and limitation emanager have are: -

Individual User Login/Sign in capability, Modules available based on
access level defined, Browser based user friendly navigation system,
Application to be used in an Intranet environment and works only on
Internet Explore 5.0 and above.

Create accounts, Disable accounts, Change Password, Modify account
properties, Enable disabled accounts, and View user properties.

Create groups, Add/Remove users to group, Delete groups, List members of
a Group

Application can be installed on native Windows NT or Windows 2000
environment with IIS and Active Directory services installed and
configured.

Educational Qualification:

Master of Computer Applications      April (2004) - First Class

Bachelor of Commerce		      April (2001)  

Technical Skills:

Languages	: - VB.Net, C#.Net, ASP.Net, ADO.Net.

RDBMS			: - SQL Server 2000.

Reports			: - Crystal Reports 9.0.

       General:

Operating Systems		: - Windows 2000, Windows NT, Windows XP, UNIX

Languages	: - Visual Basic 6.0, Java, C, C++, COBOL 85.

Development Environment	: - Visual Studio.Net, Eclipse

RDBMS			: - Oracle 8, MS-Access, MySQL

Web Tools			: - Front Page, HTML

Packages			: - MS-Office 97 & 2000, XP

Reports			: - Crystal Reports 9.0

Web Servers			: - IIS 5.0 

