Aarti Vaswani	  HYPERLINK "mailto:aartii@gmail.com" 
aarti.vaswani@gmail.com 

	Cell: 91-93204-69934

		Date-of-Birth: 14-Jan-1984

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 

TWO years of working IT experience as a core developer & functional
analyst in ASP.NET & other web-based technologies along with backend
programming.

3 months of onsite exposure to the overseas Client Development Centre. 

Domain knowledge of “Financials”.

Have acquired Microsoft Certified Solution Developer {MCSD} title.

Working knowledge in ASP.Net with C#, SQL Server, ASP, Oracle –
SQL/PLSQL

Proven ability to quickly learn new technology and apply them in
business solutions.

Good team player, excellent communication and interpersonal, analytical
and writing skills.

OBJECTIVE 

Seeking an IT career as a Software Developer in an esteemed organization
with challenging work environment and professional growth. Having worked
for 2 years in web-based projects, handling tasks like functional
analysis, designing database & application architecture, coding and
implementing, deploying the application on testing and production
environment, I have gained exposure in small staged to complete SLDC for
different applications. 

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology from VJTI -

Mumbai University. Secured First class with Distinction.			May 2005

Diploma in Computer Technology. Secured First class with Distinction	May
2002

S.S.C. from Holy Cross Convent School, Maharashtra Board. 

Secured First Class with Distinction.	 					May 1999

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Domain Expertise	Financial

Languages	ASP.Net with C#, ASP, C++, C, Visual Basic, SQL/PLSQL.

Frameworks	.Net 1.1 & .Net 2.0 

Web Technologies	JavaScript, HTML, XML, CSS.

Source control	Visual Source Safe, Source Offsite.

Databases	Oracle, MS Access, SQL Server

Operating Systems	Windows (All Versions), MS DOS.

Software	MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Macromedia Flash.

Other Tools	Bugzilla, MS Visio.



CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified Solution Developer	March 2006

Certified in VB 6.0

TRAININGS

SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services	June 2007

Oracle 9i internal training	May 2007

DOT NET Training at Hexaware Technologies 	Aug 2005

Foundation Training Program at Hexaware  Technologies 	July 2005

AWARDS AND RECOGNITION:

Awarded with ACE Award for the gBiller Project for the month of Jan
2007.

Awarded as Enthusiastic New Comer in Dec 2005 while working on
Partnership Application Upgrade project.

Awarded for Best Leadership Skills in August 2005 during the Foundation
Training Program.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Hexaware Technologies LTD – SEI CMMI-Level 5, ISO 9001:2000 certified

Position: Software Engineer

	Duration: June 2005 – Till Date

Hexaware is a leading global provider of IT and BPO services. The
Company has achieved leadership position in domains such as Banking,
Financial Services, Travel, Transportation, Logistics and HR-IT
solutions. Hexaware focuses on delivering business results leveraging
technology solutions and specializes in Business Intelligence &
Analytics, Enterprise Applications, Independent Testing and Legacy
Modernization. Hexaware has been providing technology solutions for
business for 17 years and offers world class service delivery,
technology leadership and skilled human capital. For additional
information logon to www.hexaware.com 

The development centres are assessed at SEI CMMI-Level 5, and are also
ISO 9001:2000 and TickIT certified

PROJECTS

Project Title: HEY-World (Web portal for E&Y BU of Company) 

Duration: Feb ‘07 – till date

Description: 

HEY-World is the internal portal for the employees working for the Ernst
& Young BU. This web portal aims at developing an open platform to get
recognized apart form providing basic technical and managerial solutions
to the employees. It serves following objectives.

Provides project related information to the managers.

Help employees in the appraisal system through its unique quarterly
updates to desired personal goals.

Making efforts quantitative in technical and non technical aspects of
work. 

Build a healthy competitive environment for the employees as a “open
to all forum” with its unique evaluation system.

Environment: .NET 1.1 Framework, Visual Studio.Net 2003, Asp.Net with
C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2000, Enterprise Library 

Role & Responsibilities:

Conducting meetings with Sr. Management and drafting the functional
specifications.

Architectural and database design for the application along with writing
stored procedures.

Making the module prototype as per requirements for demonstration and
approval

Coding & Development of all modules, testing and execution of project
plan.

Leading the team towards meeting high quality with good efficiency in
the project.

Deployment of the application with version control on the testing & live
server.

Finding and Innovating ways to popularize the portal.

Project Title: Web Based Global Billing Application 

Duration: June ‘06 – till date

Description: 

gBiller is a web based product which allows users to raise bills
electronically on any engagement within their designated Business Unit.
It offers a variety of different types of billing – billing with or
without details, consolidated billing, scheduled billing, miscellaneous
billing, credit notes and billing reversals. 

Environment: ASP.Net using C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server.

Role & Responsibilities:

Acquired functional and technical knowledge of the application as a
member of the Onsite Team during the Knowledge Acquisition Phase.

Understanding the interfacing of gBiller with GFIS (Global Financial
Information System).

Obtaining knowledge of the data flow and architectural details of the
system.

Understanding the various environments used for development and quality
assurance processes.

Cross train resources on gBiller functionality to build up a team and
work from offshore.

Participate in the presentation of quality assessment reports for
product and service deliverables.

Project Title: Parameter Driven Reporting Services 

Duration: Nov ‘06 – Feb ‘07

Description: 

Parameter Driven Reporting gives a user the flexibility to run the Excel
Pivot reports when they want them and to choose the parameters they
would like reported on.  The reports would be processed on demand by the
user and the backend data would be refreshed on a cyclic basis.  

Environment: ASP, JavaScript, Oracle 9i

Role & Responsibilities:

Responsibility involves requirement gathering and analysing the existing
business rules and architecture of the current system, mapping and
development of the new specification

Preparing prototype as per functional specifications

Coding & implementing the design by integrating the enhancements to the
existing application reports.

This involved building functionality within the system to
accommodate/associate customer’s requirements.

Preparing test plans and carrying out unit testing for the application.

Project Title: Partnership Application Upgrade

Duration: Sep ‘05 – May ‘06

Description: 

Migrating Partnership Application from VB6 to VB.Net. Partnership is a
robust 3-tier application developed in VB6 by the E&Y Development Team.
It uses all the features of 3-tier architecture wherein the entire set
of Business Rules is coded into the DLLs hosted on the middle tier. 

Environment: VB.Net, ADO.Net, VB6, Oracle 9i.

Role & Responsibilities:

Contributed in the SDLC of VB6 to VB.Net Upgrade.

Acted as the offshore co-coordinator during the Knowledge Acquisition
phase.

Peer Testing and Peer Code reviews.

Conducted successful demonstrations of completed .NET screens to client
for their early feedback.

Participate in maintaining test and pre-release environments for all
Supported platforms.

Execute test scripts and manual test scenarios, Perform regression
testing, investigation of discrepancies, and verification of software
fixes. 

Participate in the presentation of quality assessment reports for
product and service deliverables.

Report and track software problems using a defect tracking system

As a Defect Prevention Coordinator, carried out the Defect Prevention
Activities in the Team including Defect Prevention Meetings and Defect
Analysis.

* Reference Available on Request

