VIJAY V. MAKWANA

105 – Tirupati Hostel,

near Khusbu Hotel,

pune-satara Road, 

pune.

Phone 09323233647

E-mail-  HYPERLINK "mailto:vijaypatel27@gmail.com"
vijaypatel27@gmail.com 

Career Objective

                      To work in a healthy yet challenging environment
that enables maximum utilization of my education, skills and creativity
thereby enhancing my career prospects and making a positive difference
to the organization I work for.

Professional summary

Software Engineer, Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd. Pune. (Jun. 2005 – Till
Date)

Software Engineer, Silex Software Solution, Bhavnager.(Aug. 2004 to Feb
2005)

Skill Set

Language Known   : -  Java , C , C++ , SQL / PL - SQL

Operating System   : -  Windows 9x , Windows NT , Server 2000

RDBMS/DBMS     : -  Oracle ,

Tools                       : -  MS-Front Page, IBM WebSphere Appl. Dev.
 

Application Server : -  Web-Logic

Web Technology    : - J2EE (JSP,  Servlet, Java Bean, JDBC,  EJB,
Struts)

Proficiency in AS/400:

Languages               : - CL/400, CLLE, RPG/400, RPGLE, EMBEDDED SQL.

Operating System   : - OS/400.

RDBMS/DBMS     : - DB2/400.

Tools                       : - DFU, SDA, RLU, PDM, ISDB, SQL/400. 

Projects Information

e-Commodity Based Finance System  (ICICI Bank)

Role				Team member 

Platform			Windows

Technology/Software	JSP, Servlet, Java Beans, JDBC, Oracle 

Client				ICICI Bank

Employer			Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd.

Responsibilities		Development.

		

Its multi-module web application that helps ICICI Bank to automate
process for the commodity based financing. This application has
different modules like System Admin (CM), My Office, M & C, Mail center,
Borrower, Head Office Admin, Collateral Manager, Margin Call, and
Support. It allows managing an unlimited number of users. Moreover, it
offers a high level of flexibility when managing users, who have
different access rights depending on their work. Access rights range
from the basic read-only to the comprehensive full control level. System
chiefly offers for M&C and Borrower appointment, Documents, Borrower
disbursement, Borrower repayments and all functionality is depends upon
maker, checker and reviewer. Other then all there is a common setup of
system using, which we can change, look & feel of system.

Online Information And Services.

Role			      Team member 

Platform		      Windows

Technology/Software     JSP, Servlet, Java Beans, JDBC, Oracle,
Web-Logic 

Client			      JHP Securities (P) Limited (Share & Stock Broker)-Mumbai

Employer		     Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd.

Responsibilities	     Requirement Analysis, Development.

It is a web-based application, which provides Information and all
services of the Company. User can show daily updates, news and vacancy,
which can update from back-end by the admin. User can subscribe to email
newsletters and get a Weekly/Daily update through mail. User can send an
online request to become a Associate or customer of the company and user
can send a enquiry request, download useful Ideas & Information Of the
company. Admin can create and show all the detail from back end side.

Application Issue Manager.

Role				Team member 

Platform			Windows

Technology/Software	JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Oracle, Web-Logic 

Client				Inhouse

Employer			Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd.

Responsibilities		Requirement Analysis, development.

		

Issue Manager is a web-based application designed to help a workgroup
keep track of issues and tasks via a shared central resource. The system
was designed specifically with the IT department in mind, where quick
access to shared data and history is a requirement, both from an
internal organizational perspective, as well to fulfill the needs of the
customers. 

Online Job Searching and Information.

Role				Team member 

Platform			Windows

Technology/Software	JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Oracle, Web-Logic 

Client				Intelysis (Smartjobz) 

Employer			Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd.

Responsibilities		Study, Development and Testing.

Candidate can upload their profile online and can give technical test
and psychometric test online. Employers can show all the detail and send
interview call. Admin can show all the details and add dynamically from
the back end process.  

ColumbiaPS: Real Estate Services.

Role				Team member 

Platform			Windows

Technology/Software	JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Oracle, Web-Logic 

Client				Columbai Properties

Employer			Silex Software Solution.

Responsibilities		Development and Support.

ColumbiaPS is intended to provide online real estate services with focus
on Washington State, which will enable the users to easily search
properties available for sale. 

Knowledge Bank

Role				Team member 

Platform			AS/400

Technology/Software	RPG/400 & ILE, CL/400, DB2/400, SQL/400

Client				SEACOM Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 

Employer			Idea Compu Soft Pvt. Ltd.

Responsibilities		Development and Testing.

Knowledge Bank – This application has been developed to provide online
information to the trainees where some key technical aspects of AS/400
like sub file loading, data areas, data structures and arrays. This
application has ready to maintain programs for various technical
aspects. Tool used SDA, DFU, SEU, PDM ect.

Summary of Education

MCA	 	:  Department of Computer Science Center, Saurashtra University,
Rajkot.

P.G.DCA	:  Department of Computer Science Center, Saurashtra University,
Rajkot.

BSc. 		:  Bahhauddin Science College, Saurashtra University, Rajkot. 

Personal Details

	

Name                                   :      Vijay V. Makwana

Date of Birth	:		1st Feb, 1977	  

Marital status                       :       Single

Nationality	:	Indian

Languages known	:	English, Hindi, Gujarati

Permanent Address    	: 	103 - Mahalaxmi, Vasant Leela, 

		Vaghabil Naka,

		Ghodbander Road,

		Thane (Mumbai).

		

I hereby state that all the above information is true to the best of my
knowledge.  

Vijay 

  PAGE  1 

