Nishant S.

B2/3/3, Serveshwar, Shri Ganesh HCS, Nerul, Navi Mumbai – 400 706.

E-Mail: nishant_sree@yahoo.co.in. Mobile: +91- 9920726562 / 9870679750.

Career Objective:

Seeking an innovative and a challenging position, where my current
skills relating to Computer are fully utilized and improved thus
contribute to the Company profits.

Work Experience

#1

Organization	PMAM IT Services Pvt. Ltd.

Description	Currently working with the Junit testing team, which is
involved in testing of the server side code of  the project named
“Interlude” from IDM.

Period	From Mar 2006 to Till Date.

Designation	Technology Specialist

Work Profile	Involved in writing test cases for the server side code of
the project which is EJB.



#2

Organization	Raksah TPA Pvt. Ltd.

Description	Company is a Third Party Administrator (TPA) between the
policyholder and the insurance companies. Raksha Software developed
using JSP, Servlet and Struts Project makes their business tasks
simplified. The back-end used is Oracle 8i.The company has two servers
running on Sun Solaris and uses the Iplanet Application Server.

Period	From Feb 2006 to Mar 2007.

Designation	Software Programmer

Work Profile	Actively involved in the design, development and
maintenance of Raksha Software.



Projects Details	

Project Name	Raksha Software

Description	Claims Module: Here all the processing of claim takes place
i.e. Claim Registration, Query made by Doctor, Pending Documents, Claims
Passed etc.

ID Cards: Generation of IDCards for individual and corporate
policyholders.

Role	Individual Report for the no. of Claims registered, processed and
documents pending for our operators with entry time and date.

Environment	Windows 2000, Oracle 8i , JSP





Project Name	Database to Excel

Description	This project read the column and row values from the
database and the result were written to an excel worksheet using the jxl
api.

Role	This was developed using core java and jxl apis.

Environment	Windows 2000, Oracle 8i, Core Java





Project Name	Excel to Database

Description	Here the data from a excel file is read using jxl apis and
the data is loaded to the database.

Role	Developed using core java and jxl apis.

Environment	Windows 2000, Oracle 8i, Core Java





Project Name	KVO Module

Description	A separate module for a corporate named KVO, where the
corporate had different Member Id as well as Policy no. for each of its
employees. Separate tables were made for the processing of claims. For
preauthorization also separate tables and files were made.

Role	Creating the required tables and the jsp files.

Environment	Windows 2000 Server, Oracle 9i, Jsp





Project Name	File Movement and Management

Description	The module helps in tracking the physical movement of file
from one department to the other. One has to receive the file in his bin
before making any changes to the claim file. So, at any movement it can
be know as to where physically the file is resting.

Role	Creating the required tables and the jsp files.

Environment	Windows 2000 Server, Oracle 9i, Jsp





#3

Organization	Vaman Technologies R & D Limited, Mumbai.

Description	Company is involved in the development of an RDBMS called
Vaman DataServer. The product is a contemporary, platform independent
data management solution consisting of Web Server and Mail Server
integrated with the Database Server. The server uses the Finite State
Machine model and internal threading for optimized performance. 

Period	From Dec 2003 to Nov 2005.

Designation	Software Engineer

Work Profile	I am actively involved in the development of Vaman
Enterprise Manager, the front-end of the RDBMS.



Projects Details	

Project Name	Vaman Enterprise Manager

Description	This is the Graphical User Interface of Vaman DataServer.
Communication with the server is achieved using JDBC APIs with Vaman’s
JDBC-ODBC Bridge driver acting as the intermediate layer. It is designed
to support multiple server connectivity and also multiple database
connectivity within a server simultaneously. It also supports
connectivity across functional servers to emulate the Web server and
Mail server integration provided by the back-end. Management tools such
as DB Comparator, DBToXML Code Generator, Query Builder, Relationship
Diagram Generator, State Machine Map, State Machine Statistics, etc.
further enhance the user friendliness of the system.   

Role	Designed and developed DBToXML Code Generator, management tool for
Enterprise Manager. DBToXML generates source code for operations on data
sources for XML, VB, C#, VB.Net and Java. Connect to a data source, all
the “System Tables” , “Tables” and “Views will be available to
the user and he can have the codes for functions like insert, update,
delete etc to be performed on these DSN. All the data will be available
to the user in XML format. 

Design and implementation of full-fledged HTML Editor tool which allows
the user to develop and view HTML pages This is also a part of
management tool provided in the Vaman Enterprise Manager. It also has
FTP connectivity.

Design and development of SQL Manager. Connect to any DSN, the “User
tables” and “View” is arranged in a tree, query can be fired and
the results are displayed in tables.  

Design and development of some part of Case Studio. 

GUI implementation of Execution Plan for Vaman DataServer which gives
the estimated cost and execution time for a particular query, included
in the SQL Manager.

Code Optimization and maintenance of Vaman Enterprise Manager.



Environment	Core Java , SWINGS , XML

Project Name	Vaman Deployment Wizard

Description	This software installs VAMAN RDBMS on all Platforms. It
helps to install Vaman Server and Clients like Enterprise Manager and
VMSQL. While installing the setup will register the JDBC drivers on your
system. This is a customized setup for the deployment of Vaman
Enterprise Manager.

Role	Design and implementation of core classes that handle the
registration of drivers, setting of environment variables and selective
deployment of files on the client system according to the type of
installation selected by the user.

Environment	Core Java , SWINGS



Technical skills

Languages Known	Java, C, C++

Primary Skills	Java (SWINGS, JDBC), XML

Web Technologies	 JSP, Servlets

Operating Systems	Windows NT/9x, Linux, Sun Solaris

RDBMS	Oracle 8i, MS Access

Application Server	Sun One Application Server



Academic Details

Master of Computer Applications (M. C.A.) - (Pursuing)	North Maharashtra
University, Jalgaon(MS).

B.Sc. Physics (Instrumentation), Passing Year: 2001.	North Maharashtra
University, Jalgaon(MS).

H.S.C                                           , Passing Year: 1998.
C.B.S.E Board, Nepanagar (M.P).

S.S.C                                           , Passing Year: 1996.

	C.B.S.E Board, Cochin (Kerala).



Personal Details

Date of Birth	August 21, 1980

Languages	Hindi, English, Malayalam, Marathi.

Hobbies	Reading, Listening Music, Playing Volleyball, Cricket, Table
Tennis. 

Marital Status	Single



