CURRICULAM VITAE

DAYANANAD MISHRA

Jyoti Villa,   Row House 2, 

Plot No 26 (Near Teen Takki)

Sector 18 (Koparkhairne)

Navi Mumbai 

Mobile No- 9833070960

Mail- dayanand.mishra@gmail.com

Total Experience of 2.0 Year in JAVA 

Core, Servlet, JSP, JDBC 2.0, IO JBuilder, JBoss4.0.4, Edit Plus V2.11,
Eclipse 3.1, Netbeans 5.0, Quest Software 7.6 and Oracle10G. 

More then 8 month Experience in ERP (Movex Java,MAK1.2,Movex ERP/M3
Java)

Objective:  

To reach to the zenith of perfection in field of information technology,
which is mutually beneficial for the growth of my career and the
organization.

Academic Credential

MCA from Institute of Technology & Management, Gwalior, Rajeev Gandhi
Technology University, Bhopal (MP Technical Board). Secured 75 % marks

B.Sc. (Electronics) from PGV College, JIWAJI University, Gwalior.
Secured 70 % marks

Professional Profile

Current Organization          :	Symphony Services (India) Pvt. Ltd 

                                              		 Heeranandani, Powai,
Mumbai

					  HYPERLINK "www.symphonysv.com"  www.symphonysv.com 

Company Profile		:	A CMM Level 4 Company provides services in different
field Of Software.

Designation			:	Software Programmer

Technology			:	JAVA (CORE) and Eclipse technology

Domain			:	ERP 

Period			:	Oct 2006 – Till Now 

Previous Organization	:	In Solution Global Pvt. Ltd, 

                                                 	Lokhandwala, Mumbai 

  HYPERLINK "www.insolutionsglobal.com"  www.insolutionsglobal.com 

Company Profile		:	An ISO9001: 2000 and BS7799 certified, provide
product and services.

Designation			:	Software Programmer

Technology			:	JAVA 2 (Servlet, JSP, JBuilder, JDBC, JBOSS 3.0.5) and
PL/SQL Edit Plus, Quest Software technology

Domain 			:	Financial/Banking

Period			:	Jan 2006 – Oct 2006

Previous Organization	:	e-Biz Technocrats (P) Ltd.

Gwalior 

  HYPERLINK "www.ebiztechnocrats.com"  www.ebiztechnocrats.com 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:info@ebiztechnocrats.com" 
info@ebiztechnocrats.com 

Designation			:	Associate Programmer

Technology			:	JAVA 2 (Servlet, JSP, JBuilder, JDBC, J2EE Server) and
PL/SQL Edit Plus, Quest Software technology

Period			:	Jan 2005 – Jan 2006

Skill Sets

Operating Systems             Windows 9X/2000,  MS DOS ,Linux 

Languages                          JAVA,C

Frame work                        J2EE 

JAVA 2 APIs                     JDBC, Servlet, JSP, IO, Collection,
Socket 

Data base                           Oracle9i (SQL, PL/SQL)  

ERP			  Movex

Strengths

MCA with 27 month experience as a Software Programmer.

Proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly & utilising the
same in a productive manner. 

Detail oriented with an analytical bent of mind and a positive attitude.

Team player with strong organisational and interpersonal skills

Project Details

Project #					Movex ERP System Project for International Client 

Client			: 	Fashion, Food and Beverage Industry

Status			: 	Live Technical Consultant(Offshore)

Duration		: 	Oct 2006– Till Now 

Environment		: 	Core JAVA, Movex java, Eclipse 3.1

Project Specifications:

 Movex is one of the largest ERP all over Europe. This is ERP system
Project having more then 3500 clients all over the world. The few client
of the Movex are Lawson, Hyperion, Oracle, Informatica, Autodesk,
Citrix, Shahi Export, Tactics, Apexon, Concur, Kazeon, Yahoo, The
McGraw-Hill Companies and Capco.

The Project on which I worked is Lawson (Intentia), Shahi Export, King
Salmon, Fletcher Aluminium.

Responsibilities: 

Development & Customization of UI as per the client requirement.

Testing of client Interface on Windows platform successfully before
Delivery.

Deliver the Resolved request in form of service pack or Fixes.

Project #					Global Module Reservoir (GMR)

Client			: 	Symphony Services

Status			: 	Live

Duration		: 	Oct’06– Jan’07

Environment		: 	JBoss,JSP,Servlet,MSSql,Netbeans

Description		: 	This is web application based on MVC2 Architecture. It
is used for maintaining the information about service pack which is
previously delivered. In short it is Cataloguing Library System. It also
provide the search facility using keywords. It increase reusability of
service pack and internally used as quick reference.

Project #					System Configuration Application (SCA)

Client			: 	Generalized 

Status			:	Live

Duration		: 	May’06– Oct 2006 

Environment		: 	Core JAVA, Servlet, JSP, Oracle8i, PL/SQL, Tomcat, Win
9x/2000.

Description		: 	This Module is used for initialize the new System. And
Based On ERP System.

Project #					ATM Costing and Accounting (Module)

Client			:	Corporation Bank

Status			:	Live

Duration		:	Mar’06 – Jun’06

Environment		:	Core JAVA, Servlet, JSP, Oracle8i, PL/SQL, Tomcat, Win
9x/2000.

Description		:	This Module is one of the modules of corporation Bank. It
is developed for the cost analysis and creates a rule for ATM and Branch
costing. It also helps GL ledger. 

Project #					BOB Cards Reconciliation System 

Client			: 	Bob Cards (P) Ltd   

Status			: 	Live                

Duration		: 	Jan’06 – May’06 

Environment		: 	Core JAVA 2, Servlet, JSP, Oracle8i, PL/SQL, Tomcat, Win
9x/2000.

Description 		:	The application is the 3-Tire architecture web
application developed using JSP/ SERVLET.  This project helps in
Reconciliation and Pending Department. It connects all the Branch
Belongs to Bank of Baroda Ltd. It works on VISA, NFS, MASTER CARD and
BRANCH. 

Project Specifications:

Pending Schedule Generation ,Auto Reconciliation ,Force Reconciliation,
Outstanding Debit And Credit in Branch

Daily Auto File Processing coming from SWITCH and various Branches. This
interact two JBOSS (java) and JBOSS(C server) using Socket programming.
And with the use of Pro C

Un reconciliation Report, IBTA Report generation 

Responsibilities: 

 Handling the query with the PL/SQL, Registering and logging of events
in the database.

Development of client side user interface with the backend using J2EE.
Preparation User Manuals of different modules. Testing & Debugging of
Module. 

Testing of client Interface on Windows platform successfully.

Developed reports of various modules for management level.

   Project #				: 	REMS (Real Estate Management System)		

Organization		:	e-Biz Technocrats (P) Ltd., Gwalior

Role			: 	Programmer

Team Size		: 	6

Tools & Technology	: 	JSP, Servlet, Oracle8i, Weblogic8.1.

Duration		: 	Jan ’05- May’05

DESCRIPTION:

Real State Management System (REMS) is an end-to-end solution for
various processes in a property dealing organization based on component
methodology and cutting edge three tier architecture. It enables
property-dealing organization to perform day-to-day property dealing
activities efficiently and provides monitoring mechanism for better
management. 

REMS can be classified mainly in two modules-Administrative module and
User module.

 In case of administrative module Admin can define user roles
dynamically with various combinations of privileges. 

User module can be categories in several sub modules like companies,
contacts, properties, consumers and reports.

Companies represent management companies, business and individuals that
have listing properties in REMS

A contact represents managers or points of contacts of companies and
business that have list properties in the consumer side (REMS).

Consumer represents the user of the side (REMS) those looking for an
apartment and home for rent features are listing, editing, viewing. 

Properties represent buildings or complexes with individual units for
rent. Properties can have multiple units are mange by property managers.
A reports module provides the facilities to produce the results in HTML,
PDF and EXCEL format.

Responsibility: 	Analysis of Requirement Specifications. Involve in
Coding & unit testing.

   Project #					: Enterprise Resource Information System  		

Organization			: e-Biz Technocrats (P) Ltd., Gwalior

Role				: Programmer

Team Size			: 3

Tools & Technology 		: JSP, Servlet, Oracle8i, Weblogic8.1.

Duration			: Apr’05-Dec’05

   

DESCRIPTION:

   Enterprise Resource Information System (ERIS) is a computerized
solution for recruiting   agencies   

   and Software consultants. This application maintains electronic
database comprising of    job    

   applicants, workers and employers. Enterprise resource information
systems address all these     by 

   automating many of the tasks of the organization. It relives the
employees by letting them do   all 

   tedious jobs electronically. It consist three modules- Marketer,
Recruiter and   Administrator. 

   Marketer motivates the applicants for applying for the job in the
organization. It   includes the details 

   of the new applicants. Recruiter is the one who conducts the tests to
the   applicants and interviews to 

   the selected candidates. Administrator takes care off all the  
transaction in the consultancy.

Personal Details     

Father’s name         	Shri R. B.  Mishra

Mother’s name        	Smt. Vimala Devi Mishra

Relocatability		100%

Passport Details

Passport No.             	F3398358

Place of Issue          	Bhopal     (INDIA)

Expiry Year	   	2015

I affirm that particulars given above by me are true and I am solely
responsible for its accuracy.

Place: Mumbai

Date:                                                                   
                                                                        
                  

Signature 

Dayanand Mishra

Technical Consultant

Maharashtra

M3 Java Certified Programmer

