CURRICULUM-VITAE

Jain Manju Bhagchand(M.C.S., 1.5 yr. Exp)

E-mail:

                                       			                (    HYPERLINK
"mailto: nagesh.kamble@yahoo.co.in"  manju.ranu@gmail.com 

                                                                        
     (    HYPERLINK "mailto:manju_ranu@rediffmail.com" 
manju_ranu@rediffmail.com 

OBJECTIVE:-

	To secure an opportunity, to apply existing software skills, and
effectively contribute to the persona of your organization.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY:-

SKILLS	TOOLS	EXPERIENCE

Operating System	Windows 98/2000/XP	13 months

LANGUAGE	ADF Technology,J2EE,EJB.Java	13 months

	Java, J2EE,JSP Servlets, EJB,Struts,Xml	Academic Experience

	OC4J(Oracle Application Container For java)	13 months

Tools	JDeveloper 10g , 10.1.3, JBoss 3.x ,Tomcat 4.x, Eclipse	13 months



	Hibernate, Struts, JSP	5 months



WORK HISTORY: -

Duration	Organization	Designation

Dec 2005 – Jan 2006	Expert Solutions  (P) Ltd.	Trainee

Feb  2006 – Jan 2007	Expert Solutions  (P) Ltd.	Software Engineer

           Jan 2007 – till date	Aspirtek Solution  (P) Ltd.	Software
Engineer

WORK EXPERIENCE: -

   

  1) Organization:	 Expert Solutions (I) Ltd.

            Duration	: Dec 2005-Jan 2007(13 months)

     	Product		: BackBone (ERP System For SMB Market)

Technology	: ADF, Oracle 10g

Tools		: Jdeveloper 10.1.3 , OC4J Container

Description	:

BackBone is ERP product from Expert Group developed on Oracle & JAVA
platform.

BackBone is developed for Discrete Manufacturing Units specially from
SMB Market Segment

Suitable for segments like OEMs, Tier-I and Tier-II suppliers

Multi company, multi divisions and multi plants data processing
capabilities

Operate smoothly on LAN and WAN.

BackBone integrates

Business processes from sales lead generation till delivery of finished
goods and after sales Engineering data

Production planning and manufacturing and product & process quality data

Financial activities and statutory obligations and costing

Material movements with VAT and CENVAT 

Human resource process

Reduces human intervention in data processing

Data capturing at source

No duplicate data entry

Masters and reports standardisation

Drill down reports and queries

Optimum investment 

Low cost solution

Helps to manage the management information online

Fully web compliant

    Resposibilities 

JAVA DEVELOPER

Have worked on modules such as Payroll, Engineering
,Materials,Sales,Commercial.

     2) Organization:   AspirteK Solutions (P) Ltd.

          	Duration	: Jan  2007 – till date		 

     	Project		: Select Leaders Real Estate Job Network

Technology	: JSP,Struts,Hibernate

Tools		: Eclipse 3.x,Tomcat 1.5 

Description :

	

The SelectLeaders Real Estate Job Network is a unique alliance of the
top professional and  trade  associations in the U.S. creating an
industry wide professional real estate employment destination.

Employer can register and post job openings on the site, they can post
the intern job absolutely free. Employers can avail of the various
pricing plans available.

Candidates can register on to the site, upload more than one resumes,
search for a particular job, save the job in inbox, apply for the job
and can  access  the best jobs across all sectors of the real estate
industry

Registered candidates are send reminders of Openings .

 Network For Donations :    Technology : JSP,Struts,Hibernate

Network For Donations is an non-profit registered  internet based
fundraising organization dedicated  to helping people create and manage
fundraising campaigns for and on behalf of other registered charities. 

Network For Donations gives users access to highly innovative tools
intended to provide the user with the most efficient web-based
fundraising system that makes fundraising effortless, streamlined,
comprehensive, cost-effective and labor-saving. 

Here The users, can set up the various fundraising campaigns , for
raising the funds, donors can donate the funds online.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS: - 

Project Name (M.C.S. Sem-2) : Online Auction System :

Duration	: 3 months

Team Size	: 1

Environment	: JSP, servlets, RMI.

Tools		: Dream Weaver

Description	:  

It is an On-line Action  System

Using this site user can buy,view as well as bid  items 

The User is free to register and place a bid , It displays the user who
has bid the higesht price,

Within the elapsed time interval for which the product was being placed.

Project Name (M.C.S. Sem-1) : Power Point Presentation utility

Duration	: 2 months.

Team Size	: 2

      	Environment	: Visual C++ (SDK)

Description	:       

It is a utility for Windows Operating system users.

                       This utility gives you the facility of developing
the slides with audio video effects.

It has some predefined slides templates using with which you can prepare
slides.

Further Enhancement to slides can be provided by adding clippings to

   3)       Project Name (M.C.S. Sem-1) : Concurrency Control

Duration	: 2 months.

Team Size	: 2

      	Environment	: C++

Description         : Implementation of  Binary and Strict 2PL Locks for
Transaction Management.

		              Avoids deadlock.

 

WORKSHOPS / TRAINING: -

JAVA training program of 3 months from Frankles Infotech Pune.

J2EE training program of 3 months from Frankles Infotech Pune.

Academics

Degree	University / Board	Year	Percentage	Grade

M.C.S 	Pune University	2006	70.13	Distinction

B.C.S (Bachelor of Computer Science)	Pune University	2003	60.75	First
Class

H.S.C	Maharashtra Board	2000	55.67	Higher Second Class



S.S.C	

Maharashtra Board	

1998	

76.40	

Distinction



PERSONAL DETAILS:

           Name		: Manju Bhagchand Jain

	Address		: Mohannagar Sr no 135 Chinchwad Pune 411019

	Cell No		: +919970111788

	Date of Birth	: 29th June 1982

	Marital Status	: Unmarried.

	Nationality	: Indian.

Languages	: English, Hindi, Marathi.

Place		: Pune 

Date  		:  2007 						[Ms Manju B Jain]

