Resume

P.V.R.K.Raju				E-mail      :    rajupenmathsa@gmail.com	

						Mobile	     :   +91-(0)-9833173630

Experience Summary

Overall Two years of IT experience in Java Technology and Financial
Domain.

Has Professional Experience in Core Java, J2EE application model to
develop web-based solutions using Servlets, JSP, JDBC and Hibernate.

Hands on experience in MVC Framework like Struts,Insync.

Experience in using tools like Eclipse, TOAD and ClearQuest.

Well Aquainted with SDLC and has exposure in  Development and
Maintenance of commercial projects.

Professional Summary

Presently working as Analyst Programmer in Syntel Limited, Mumbai from
Jan 2007 to Till Date.

Worked as Software Engineer with Nous Info Systems, Bangalore from July
2005 to Dec 2006.

Education Details

B.E in E.C.E from Anna University, Chennai(2002-2005).

Diploma in E.C.E from S.B.T.E.T,Andhra Pradesh(1999-2002).

Skills

Java Skills			 :	Core-Java, J2EE

WEB Technology                  :  	JDBC, Servlets, JSP,      
HTML,JavaScript,Hibernate.

Application Server	  	 :	BEA Weblogic 8.1

Web Servers			 :	Apache Tomcat

Data Base			 :	Oracle 9i 

Operating System		 :	Windows 9x, Windows 2000/XP.

Framework			 :        Jakarta Struts, In Sync

IDE/Editors		   	 :	Eclipse 3.1, Editplus

Version Control Softwares  	 : 	VSS 6.0 , CVS 1.1



 Project Experience 

1. Project Name	AES(Automated Enrollment Solution)

Role	Programmer Analyst

Duration	Jan 2007 to Till Date

Technologies Used

	Windows 2000 , Core Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, In Sync, Design
Patterns, Oracle, Eclipse 3.1,Web logic 8.1.



Project Description:

The Automated Enrollment Solution (AES) connects and fully automates
sales and enrollment processes in an effort to provide customers the
best and most efficient level of service. AES involves bank personnel
filling up the Sales Order Forms and Product Enrollment Templates in AES
to enroll the customers to different products. Bank personnel are in the
roles of Sales Officers and Implementation Coordinators. Through AES,
enrollment requests are identified and routed efficiently, ensuring the
request is delivered to the correct area, even in the event of multiple
product enrollments. Sales and implementation associates always have
real-time access to current enrollment status, comments and assigned
agent information.

Responsibilities:

Involved in creation of Low Level design Documents .

Invloved in preparation of UTP’s for various Products.

Involved in Coding, Unit-Testing and Integration-Testing.

Involved in carried out defect fixing and enhancements of the existing
application.

2. Project Name	ALPS

Role	Developer

Duration	Jan 2006 to Dec 2007

Technologies Used

	Windows 2000, Core Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Design
Patterns, Hibernate, Oracle, Eclipse 3.0, Web logic 8.1.

Project Description:

	 The ALPS system has been designed to achieve the singular goal of
enhancing retail productivity.  By integrating the sales, processing and
audit work-streams into one parallel application, ALPS will improve
productivity by removing the systemic inefficiencies and inaccuracies.
These improvements will enhance front end sales conversions, customer
satisfaction through out the process, associate accountability and
ultimately the quality and value of the product delivered to the
investor. At is core, ALPS has three basic functions such as collecting
the information,prompting the information and managing the verficetions
of information. ALPS employs two primary structures: a comprehensive
list of required stipulations and a set of business rules that manage
them.  

Responsibilities:

Involved in preparing Understanding Documents.

Involved in Coding & Developing Presentation logic using JSPs.

Involved in unit testing of the application.

3. Project Name	Serviced Homes

Role	Trainee and Developer

Duration	July 2005 to Dec 2005

Technologies Used	Windows 2000, Servlets, JSP, Java, JDBC, Oracle8i,
Tomcat



Project Description: 

This application provides online serviced homes, property consultancy,
broking agency and portal in which property owners can register to the
site with all the details to be listed. The property have online booking
worldwide for tenants with an excellent searching criteria, including
type of property, No of bedrooms, price, area, city, land mark etc.

		   Other features of the application like Events, News, Area and
Currency conversion are an additional advantage.

Responsiblities:

 Developed Servlets and JSP pages.

 Involved as team member in coding and understanding the problem.

 PAGE   

