Résumé

Objective:

Seeking a position to utilize my skills, abilities and experience in the
Software Industry that offers Professional growth while being
resourceful, innovative and flexible and I can apply the knowledge, I
have gained and mastered and become good team member with strong
willpower, optimistic approach and co-operative. I have 2.8 years of
experience in various roles such as technical writing, instructional
designing, and content development.

Professional Experience:

Currently working with S2 INFOTECH PVT. LTD., Pune, 100% Sister Concern
of SIEMENS Information Systems Ltd., SEI-CMMi Level 5, PCMM Level 3 and
an ISO 9001 certified company, since Dec. 2005 to till date as a Jr.
Technical Writer.

Worked with Institute of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineers, Pune
(I.E.T.E., Scientific Industrial Research Organization by Govt. Of
India, New Delhi) as a Software Engineer (Maintenance/Technical Writer)
August 2005 to November 2005. 

Worked with “CC Tech, Pune” as a Software Engineer/Technical Writer
& Content Developer since June 2004 to July 2005.

Projects Undertaken in Diploma Engineering:

Central Library Management 

Diploma Project Description – This application design for Central
Library. It has included different modules as Search Engine, Books,
Standard Report, Student, Employee, and Annual Clearance. Search Engine
used for Books and Standard Report Searching. 

Client – I.E.T.E., Pune (Scientific Industrial Research Organization
by Ministry of Science & Technology, Govt. of India, New Delhi).

Role – Developer – Involved in Module Study at Central Library,
Interacted with users for Detailed Requirement Analysis. Involved in
System Analyses, Design, and Development.

Tools - C.

Team Size - One Member.

Work Location – I.E.T.E., Pune (Scientific Industrial Research
Organization by Ministry of Science & Technology, Govt. of India, New
Delhi). 

S2 INFOTECH PVT. LTD., Pune, 100% Company & Business Associate of
SIEMENS Information Systems Ltd., SEI-CMMi Level 5, PCMM Level 3 and an
ISO 9001 certified company. (Dec. 05 – Till date): 

Technical writing with 1.6 + years of experience in technical
documentation.

Completed documentation projects in various domains (Project Planning &
Management, Electronics & Telecommunication, using leading help
authoring tools.

Experience in writing various product-related deliverables, including
User Guides, Installation & Configuration Guides, Business Requirement
(BR) Documents, Software Requirement Specifications (SRSs).

Experience in all phases of Document Development Life Cycle
(Requirements Gathering, Planning, Estimation, Writing, Review cycles,
and Project deployment).

Project management experience (managed documentation team of 2 technical
writers). 

Key Differentiators: Passion for communicating technology, Curiosity to
learn new technologies, Adherence to deadlines, Ethics, Honesty, and
Integrity come above all.

Project Description:

Internal Requisition and Requirement Management (IRRM): is an online
application specially designed for system administrators and purchase
personal to manage hardware, software inventory within an organization.
Being web based in nature, it can be easily integrated into existing
intranet in an organization. IRRM helps in automating, tracking system
requirements, reduces time and increased overall productivity within a
project.

Tools used: MS-Office 2003/XP, Word, Framemaker 7.0, Robohelp, Adobe
Acrobat, Snagit 7 (screen-capturing tool) and Photoshop 5.5.

Wall Mountable USB Optical Fingerprint Reader: This fingerprint reader
is suitable for indoor and protected outdoor use. It mounts directly to
a wall or equipment and has an angled application surface for user
convenience. The optical fingerprint reader captures prints in 3D with
500 dpi resolution and 256 gray scales. The capture area itself is large
(15 x 20 mm/.6 x .8 inches).

Document created: User Guide.

Tools used: MS-Office 2003/XP, Word, Framemaker 7.0, Robohelp, Adobe
Acrobat, Snagit 7 (screen-capturing tool) and Photoshop 5.5.

Ethernet Optical Fingerprint Reader: Compact Access Keypad with
Fingerprint Reader offers flexible and secure control of doors,
printers, and time and attendance equipment. The unit also connects
directly to any of Biometric Access Control Systems. The reader
combination, which uses optical sensor technology, is ideal for
installations where access codes and/or fingerprint recognition is
required. This concept allows the user to immediately use existing key
codes for access while gradually migrating to fingerprint recognition.

Job Responsibilities:

Worked as a Technical Writer for this project to create, control and
assemble technical documents and user manuals using industry standard
authoring tools. To interpret, collate technical information into clear,
concise documentation for an international audience. To interact and
co-ordinate various technical / development terms for collecting
information. To assist in coordinating and restructuring specific
aspects of documentation produced by developers. Managed documentation
projects from start to finish including writing, editing, reviewing
through final delivery.

Project Description:

Created user manuals and software documentation for various projects.

Identified changes required in user interface and implemented the same
for the software.

Involved in restructuring of in-house software used for development

Involved in content design and writing by interacting with Subject
Matter Experts (SME).

Conducted pre-design activities like learner needs analysis, content and
context analysis.

Involved in evolving the overall course design strategy and manage
projects from content perspective through effective coordination with
the team members and the client.

Job Responsibilities:

Responsible for creating easy to use and informative User Guides,
Administrator Guides, Getting Started Guides, Product descriptions, and
Corporate brochures.

Managed documentation projects from start to finish including writing,
editing, reviewing through final delivery.

Responsible for delivering the final documents, as per the set
deadlines. 

Mentored the new technical writers and explained the process of
documentation.

Got appreciation for the fast delivery of work as per the set deadlines.

Tools used: MS-Word, Framemaker 7.0, Adobe Acrobat, Snagit 7
(screen-capturing tool) and Photoshop 5.5.

I.E.T.E., Pune (August 2005 – November 2005): 

Project / Job Description: 

Analysis of document requirements and creating document sets,
documenting business processes and procedures. Writing draft technical
documents and correspondence with assistance of project managers,
subject matter experts. 

Leading Quality Service Assurance team to ensure the availability of
applications. Analysis of document requirements and creating document
sets, documenting business processes and Procedures. Writing draft
technical documents and correspondence with assistance of project
managers & SME.

CC Tech, Pune – (June 04 – July 05)

Black Box Security (BBS)

Project Description – This product is developed specially for the
security of the vehicle. When the system attached to the vehicle the
user comes to know about disasters happened with the vehicle. The user
can take the precautionary measure by using authorized mobile phone. By
using this system user can get the geographical position of the vehicle
as a SMS.

Role – Concept Developer and visualize.

Platform – C and VB 6.0

Tools – GPS Kit, GSM Modem, Micro Controller IC P89C58bp, and Serial
IC MAX232. MS-Office 2003/XP, Robohelp, Framemaker 7.0, Adobe Acrobat,
Snagit 7 (screen-capturing tool) and Photoshop 5.5).

Team Size: Five Members. 

Management Information System (MIS)

Project Description - MIS is system-based solution for E-Log (I) Ltd. A
system based software, which helps the organization in day-to-day
transaction, keeping track of records, files and generates MIS reports.
A system includes inventory and payroll system. System provides user
level security and authentication.

Role – Developer

Tools – C, SQL Server 7.0, Adobe PhotoShop 7, and Dreamweaver MX.

Team Size - Three Members.

Online Examination System

Project Description - System stored student information, provide
accesses level security, dealing with exam topic selection and
configuration provide option for registration of new student. Generating
result and storing report of student grades.

Role - Done requirement analysis and design. Designed database of
question bank and student information tables structure.

Tools – C, SQL Server 7.0

Team Members: Three Members.

Payroll System 

Project Description - Payroll system contains all information about
Employee such as his salary records, leaves structure and record,
employee roaster and branch in which he/she is working. System is in
highly generalized form so that it can fit into requirements of any
customer.

Role - Designed database and developed GUI for System.

Tools – C, SDK. 

Team Members - Two Members.

Personal Skills:

Expertise in working in fast-paced, high-tech environments requiring
skills in production scheduling, quality management, team building and
training.

Sound understanding of Software development industry with a global
mindset, and strong quantitative and conceptual abilities.

Track record of providing excellent client satisfaction and management
of projects.

Effective in utilizing resources, improving processes, increasing
quality and reducing costs.

Personal Detail:

Full Name – Kashinath Ganeshbhat Gokarn 

Date of Birth – 28th August 1980.

Father Name – Dr. Ganesh S. Gokarn

Marital Status – Unmarried.

Languages – Kannada, Hindi, Marathi, English, Japanese (Fluency in
Reading, Writing & Speaking).

Educational Qualification: 

Diploma Engineering in Computer Science from I.E.T.E., Pune (Institution
of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineers, New Delhi), Educational
Institution of National Eminence & Scientific Industrial Research
Organization by Govt. of India & associate with I.I.T., I.I.Sc.
–Bangalore, in the field of Information Technology, Electronics &
Telecom Research.

Software & International Language Skills:

Operating Systems – DOS, Windows 98, 2000, ME, XP, NT, UNIX.

Programming Language – C, C++, and Core JAVA.

Design & Development Tools - VC++, SDK, MFC.

Packages – MS-Office 2000.

Strong Knowledge of –GPS (Global Positioning Systems), Software
Engineering, Project Planning Management / Management Information
Systems, Computer System Architecture, System Analysis & Design.

International Language – Strong knowledge of Japanese Language
(Reading, Writing & Speaking). Also pursuing Japanese Certification
Level 3 from (3 kyu) from JLPT – JAPAN Foundation, Tokyo, Japan.

Personal Achievements:

Merit Award from S2 Infotech Pvt. Ltd., Business Associate of Siemens
Information Systems Ltd., in January 2007 for outstanding performance.

Highest Marks in REB (Revaluation Examination Board, I.E.T.E., N. Delhi)
Examination in December 2004.

Present & Published National Level Technical Paper On Application of
Global Positioning System, in Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee,
(I.I.T., Roorkee), March 2004 under guidance Prof. Bipin Kumar Sinha,
Ex. Professor of BITS, Pilani & worked with MBT Pune. Currently working
with Spartan Labs Pune as a Project Coordinator.   

Executive committee member of I.E.T.E., Pune, (Institution of
Electronics & Telecommunication Engineers, New Delhi, Educational
Institution of National Eminence, & Scientific Industrial Research
Organization of Govt. of India). Since June 2001- June 2006.  

Best Student Award from TATA INFOTECH.

Scholarship from Bajaj Electrical Engineers Association, Pune. 

Extra Curricular:

1 ½ year Diploma in Computer Programming & Application from TATA
INFOTECH, Pune.

C++/VC++ from SEED INFOTECH, PUNE.

Completed Japanese 4-kyu from SEED InfoTech & pursuing 3-kyu levels.    

Area of Interest:

Scientific Computing Research in future.

Systems Analysis and Design/Visualizing.

Watching Discovery, National Geography, & listening classical music.

Reading IT, Management, Scientific books and newspaper.

 

Thanking you.

Yours sincerely, 

(Mr. Kashinath G. Gokarn)

Date:   TIME \@ "M/d/yyyy"  5/25/2007 

Place: Pune

Encl: Resume

Mr. Kashinath G. Gokarn                                                 
    (: -   HYPERLINK "mailto:kashinath.gokarn@gmail.com" 
kashinath.gokarn@gmail.com 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------

À

Á

{

…

Á

|

愀̤

…

“

”

_H

̤̀☊଀၆ഀ߆栁āː༆킄市킄愂̤

̤̀☊଀୆ഀ߆栁āː༆킄市킄愂̤

	 91-09860424032

