	

Experience	Projects Worked	Skills Summary	Certification / Education

1+. Yrs Experience in Client Server Technologies

Software Engineer- FINENG Solutions Pvt Ltd, Mumbai - December 2005 to
till date.

	PerfoRM for ICICI Bank

Wealth Management System (Telesto) for ABN,DBS,CEN and UTI

 	Java 1.4, Jsp 2, Java Struts 1.1, JavaScript 1.2, AJAX , HTML and SQL
Server 2000

Third Party Controls – Display tag 1.0.1, JfreeChart 0.9.21, iReports
0.4.1

Known –VC++,C, C++, Oracle 8i

Application Servers – Tomcat 5.0, Pramati 4.1, Web sphere 6.0  

Editors – Eclipse 3.2 , struts-console-4.7 , Macromedia Dreamweaver MX

Release Tools – IzPack 2.0 , DataScriptDesigner , DeployRDL 1.0

Operating Systems – Windows 98/XP

	Education

M.Sc., Computer Science – 2006 with 79%– St.Xavier’s College
(Autonomous), Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli.  

B.Sc., Computer Science – 2004 2006 with 75%– St.Xavier’s College
(Autonomous), – Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli. 

Hr.Sec – 2001 with 72% - Bishop Arockiasamy Hr.Sec.School,  Nagercoil

S.S.L.C – 1999 2001 with 90% - Bishop Arockiasamy Hr.Sec.School, 
Nagercoil



Project Summary



Project 	Wealth Management System(Telesto)

Company	FinEng Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Clients	ABN,CEN,DBS and UTI

Duration	6/2006 to Till now

Description	This Project deals with Cash Management followed by both
Mutual Funds and Insurance Industry. The System enables the Account
Mapping for the Relevant scheme in the Mutual Fund or Insurance
Industry. It also allows maintaining the Transactions, Cash inflow and
Cash outflow. Customized reports on the fly to monitor the Transactions
with dynamic parameters are also Provided.

Project Environment	Java,JSP,JavaStruts,HTML,JavaScript Third Party
Controls – Display Tag 1.0.1,JfreeChart 0.9.16, Jasper Reports

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Coding, Testing – Unit Testing , Technical Document
Creation, Class Diagram

Developed Modules Pledging and De-Pledging, Purging Report, Equity
Transactions Upload (NSDL and CSDL), Target Portfolio Customer Mapping,
Charts, Masters, PENS and Issues.

3 months in support. 

Team Size	20



 Project 	PerfoRM

Company	FinEng Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Clients	ICICI Bank

Duration	1/2006 to 6/2006

Description	           PerfoRM allows Top management to monitor
Performance, volumes and Exposure through one single application. It is
a data warehousing and data mining application which gets information
from various processing applications and every month it summarizes and
stores the data so that accurate reports can be delivered to top
management faster as and when required. 

Project Environment	JSP,Java, SQL Server 2000, Third Party Controls –
Display tag 1.0.1

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Developed - Manual Adjustment, Customer Product wise Report, Total
Sanction Additional Report, Total Sanction Renewal Report, PENS and
Issues.

Client Side Deployment and Client Interaction.

Client Implementation and Onsite Support

Team Size	6



Modules Handled Individually during my tenure in the Project WMS

Module	Pledging and De-Pledging

Description	This module allows the user can Pledge their Mutual Fund
units  as well as De-Plege units. This module follows the Maker-Checker
concept.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Unit Test Cases preparing

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Purging Reports

Description	This module delete all temporary pdf,xls and jasper files
within the Report generated Folders. In our application  we are prodeced
many Resports such as, Customer,Transaction,Portfolio and so on . While
user viewing the report in xls,pdf the temporary files are created .
This occupy lot of spaces.So it take more time to load the report. For
these purpose of deleting the temporary files we using this module.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Unit Test Cases preparing

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Equity Transactions Upload (NSDL and CDSL)

Description	In our application we have lot of upload modules. In this
upload we  upload the various transaction types of equity transactions
from various Data providers depository such as NSDL and CDSL. 

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Unit Test Cases preparing

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Target Portfolio Customer Mapping

Description	In our application we have Target portfolio Master. We have
mapping the customer to atmost one Target portfolio. This means the
customer target portfolio would like that particular  Target portfolio.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Unit Test Cases preparing

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Support work involves the following Activities

Description	This works involves client interaction and Release
maintenance .

Accomplishments	Internal Release for Testing.

Client Release.

VSS Maintenance.

Client Interaction.

Maintaining Issues.

Internal and Client Side, Application Deployment. 



Role	Software Engineer



Modules Handled Individually during my tenure in the Project PerfoRM

Module	Manual Adjustment

Description	This module allows the Relational Manager to manually adjust
the exposure of a customer  for a particular product. This adjustment
involves on a customer level or customer product level or customer 
product category level.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Analysis Document

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Customer Product Wise Report

Description	This produces  report for a particular customer, based on
some selection creteria such as product , Zone, SBU , Rating , Clients
,ZM , DZM , SM and Date.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Analysis Document

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Total Sanction Additional Report

Description	This produces  report for the customers those who are got
loans, based on some selection creteria such as From Date , To Date,
Sanction Forum , Sanction Facility , Rating ,SBU and Sanction Amount.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Analysis Document

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Module	Total Sanction Renewal Report

Description	This produces  report for the customers those who are got
loans and make renewal , based on some selection creteria such as From
Date , To Date, Sanction Forum , Sanction Facility , Rating ,SBU and
Sanction Amount.

Role	Software Engineer

Accomplishments	Preparing Technical Documents, Analysis Document

Coding, Testing – Unit Testing 

Class Diagram



Personal Details

Sex			:	Male

Date of Birth		:	09-June-1984

Nationality		:	Indian

Marital Status		:	Single

References		:	

Professional Reference – 

           1) Mr. R. Ayera Jothi.

						               Business Analyst, i-flex solutions Pvt Ltd,
Singapore. 

               Phone:. 64312736. 

               E-Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:mumbaijothi@yahoo.com" 
mumbaijothi@yahoo.com 

           2) Mr.Muthu Rajesh.

	 Project Leader, FinEng Solutions Pvt Ltd, Mumbai.

	 Phone: 9819400421.

	 E-Mail: muthu_rajesh@fineng.com

	

				Educational Reference – Mr. Walter Jeyakumar.

						            Professor, Computer Science Department,

						            St. Xavier’s College. Tirunelveli, TamilNadu.

						            E-Mail: walterjeya@hotmail.com

Page   PAGE  5  of   NUMPAGES  5 

Name: 	Amala Jeen A.

Address: 121 A, Kolivery Village, 

Kalina, 

Santacruz (E), 

Mumbai - 400098

Mobile No: 9920317478

E-MAIL: jeen983@yahoo.co.in

