Praveen Kumar                                                           
     C/O Mr. Mahesh Gore 

Passport No.: - F1242193                                                
 129, near warje post     

Mob-09860338187                                                        
Office, Gore Building 

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:praveenvats@rediffmail.com" 
praveenvats@rediffmail.com                                          
Warje, Pune-411058

              Praveen.kch@gmail.com 	  

CAREER SUMMARY

Having Approx 2 year of total IT experience in software Development in
JAVA.

Experience in developing Internet applications using JAVA, J2EE
Technologies.

Proficient in Object Oriented Programming Technology.

Ability to work in team as well as independently with minimal
supervision.

Understand ITIL Concept and complete ITIL Training.

Qualifications & Achievements:

MCA from Rajeev Gandhi Technical University Bhopal secured 79.22%.

B.Sc. from Gurukul Kangri University Haridwar, Uttaranchal secured
63.2%.

Technical Proficiency:

Languages	Core Java, EJB, Swing, SQLPlus.

Web Technologies	HTML, JSP, Servlet

Web/Application Servers	Tomcat 4.1, Web Logic 5.1.

RDBMS/DBMS	Oracle 8.0

Java IDE	Eclipse 3.1, EditPlus

Tool	CVS, ANT1.5.

Scripting Languages	JavaScript.

Operating Systems	Windows 9X/2000.

Other Languages	C++

                                                                        
            

Professional profile:

I was working as a Software Engineer with vyom Labs Pvt Ltd.
(www.vyomlabs.com) since Nov 2005 to sep 2006.

Vyom Labs is India based offshore services company. Our experience and
expertise in IT                                                         
          Software (ITIL/ITSM) and IT Software (Verification and
Validation) makes us an unique   organization that ensures your IT
product(s) and solution(s) work as expected during development and in
production environment.

Vyom Labs assures clients of year on year savings by process and
technology optimization, access to best of breed tools, accelerators and
availability of subject matter experts.

Previously I was working as a software Engineer with Prism Information
Technology Ltd. (www.prismit.net) since Jan 2005 to Nov 2005.

Prism Information Technology is a global software development company
providing software solution for internet application. Clients of the
company are mainly from European countries.

PROJECT SUMMARY:

Duration:

Nov2005 – Till Date	Client:

Vyom Labs Pvt Ltd.	Role: 

Software Programmer

Title	Vyom Test Edge(VTE)

Organization	Vyom Labs Pvt Ltd. (www.Vyomlabs.com).

Client	Vyom Labs Pvt Ltd.  (www.Vyomlabs.com).

Team	6

Platform	Java

IDE	Eclipse 3.1

Database

	Mysql

Web/Application Server	Tomcat 4.1.

Environment	User Interface: Turbine, velocity Technology

Core Java, JavaScript, Swing, Servlet.

ANT1.5, CVS Tool used for Deploy the application.



 Project Summary:  Participated in developing Turbine Framework.

           “VTE is to provide a web-Based Test Case Management System.
Test case   

             management is a method of organizing Application’s Test
assets and 

             Integrating artifacts from scarab”

    The proposed VTME module could be targeted as: 

Requirements Manager. Specify testing requirements. This includes
defining what you are testing, defining requirement topics and items,
and analyzing the requirements.

Test Plan Manager. Develop a test plan. This includes defining goals And
Strategy, dividing your plan into categories, developing tests,
Automating tests where beneficial, and analyzing the plan.

Test Lab Manager. Run tests on your application and analyze the results.

                Issue Tracking Manager. Report defects, determine repair
priorities, 

Cvs-vte integration with Eclipse: it is provide vte integration with Cvs
for Generate the concurrent version system of vte source Code in Cvs and
maintain the backup of the source code.

  Project Architecture: Based on MVC architecture





Duration:

July 2005 – Nov 2005 	Client:

C-dac Branch Pune	Role: 

Software Developer



Title	Learning Management System

Organization	Prism Information Techn. Ltd(www.prismit.net)

Client	C-Dac Branch Pune.

Team	6

Platform	Java, JSP, Servlet, JavaBeans, Jdbc.

Web/Application Server	Tomcat 4.11

IDE	Edit Plus3.0

Database	Oracle 8.0



Project Summary: The Learning Process Administration organizes and
delivers courses,                   

Tracks and reports on students’ activities, enabling customers to
Manage their entire 

Training program from a single system. A student Can get all information
from this 

System about the course and enroll Himself for the course.
Alternatively, the system

can automatically Enroll a student in particular course based upon
profiles that the 

Course Administrator creates. After enrolling in a course, the student
receives a  

Confirmation letter and will receive notification of schedule changes if
Any occurs.

Basically, four modules are present in this. They are-

Enquiry and enrollment process

Students attendance and monitoring

Course delivery progress tracking

Feedback and time tracking of the course

  



Duration:

Jan 2005 – June 2005 	Client:

Sutra System pune	Role: 

Software Developer

Title	Remote Viewer Application

Organization	Prism Information Techn. Ltd(www.prismit.net)

Client	Sutra System Ltd. pune

Team	5

Platform	Java (Socket Programming& Multithreading), Swing, RMI.  

IDE	Edit Plus3.0.

Database 	Oracle 8.0

Project Summary: Remote Viewer enables you to monitor or work on one or
more network Computers right from your own workstation. You view the
remote computer     

Screen on your own monitor either in a window or full screen. All your
Mouse movements and keyboard signals are transferred directly To the
remote Computer. Your work on the remote computer just as if it Were
right there in front of you. According to our tests and user feedback.

 Remote viewer consists of two parts:

The server on the remote computer that sends the remote computer’s
Screen display.

The client-also called the viewer-that shows the remote screen display  
  

           On own your own monitor.

Project Architecture: Based on Client-Server Application.





Personal Profile:

Name: Praveen Kumar

Father’s Name: Mr. Ashok Kumar

Mother’s Name: Ms. Shimla Devi

Date Of Birth: Aug 10, 1979

Marital Status: Single

Nationality: Indian

Languages Known: Hindi, English

Permanent Address: Praveen Kumar, VPO: Aurangabad, Distt: Haridwar

State: Uttaranchal                                                      
                      

Date:

Place: Pune

                                                                        
                                 (Praveen Kumar)

  

