LAVA GUPTA

Luv society				                              		      

Sec-16 plot-34                                                          
                      Mb.no:  +91-9967036712

Koparkherene, NaviMumbai                                         E-mail:
lav.gupta2005@gmail.com            

	          		                                                           
         lav.gupta2005@gmail.com

 Skill Summary 

Developed Web Application using HTML,Java Script,Ajax,JSp

     And Servlet.

Knowledge of JDBC to establishing connection to database.

Developing interactive Application Using MVC architecture.

Developed application using Struts framework.

Developed application using Spring framework with Hibernate(As an ORM
tool)

      With Velocity Macro (As a front-end Solution).

Developed application using JSF and JSP with Hibernate (As an ORM tool).

Oracle9i, Oracle8i, Mysql as RDBMS

      

Technical proficiencies:

   Languages			  :                   Java, HTML, JavaScript, Ajax 

  APIs				  :                   J2EE (JSP, Servlets, JDBC)

   Framework                               :                   Spring,
Hibernate 

   Open Source Framework	  :                   Struts

   Application Server		  :                   JBoss

   Web Server			  :                   Tomcat

   RDBMS			  :                   Oracle

   Operating Systems		  :                   Windows (98, 2000, XP)

   IDE				  :                   Web logic Workshop, Eclepse3.2,
MyEclepse

   Tools                                          :                  
Ant, ZIRA

Responsibilities:

Writing program specification for Java Beans using  J2EE Design pattern

Developed UI Design and coding using HTML and DHTML

Designing the presentation screen, Coding JSP/java Beans and
Validations.

Technical Experience:

Total Experience: two year 

 Worked as Assistance Software Engineer at “National Informatics
Centre”     from Jun’05 to October 06.

Currently Working as a Software Engineer ANMSoft Technologies Pvt.Ltd,
Mumbai.

From Nov’06 to till Date. 

 Projects under taken:

Content management System

     

Client				:      India Times                                

Environment		             :      Java, Jsp, Servlet, JSF, Ajax,
Hibernate

Web server			:      JBoss3.2

RDBMS			:      Mysql

Duration		             :      5 Month

Team size			:      6

Description:     	Content management system mainly a backend application
to 

Creating a dynamic website.  CMS have many features to create Dynamic
Components

And showing a front on the page. Component just like Pollmanagement,
banner management

User management, Componenet management, Comment management only
authorized person can create the dynamic component and frequently shows
on the page.

(II)	ESS4.0 (Catering Exchange Portal)

Client				:      North West Airlines                               

Environment		             :      Java, Velocity, Servlet, Ajax,
Hibernate

FrameWork			:      Spring

Web server			:      JBoss3.2

RDBMS			:      Oracle9i

Duration		             :      8Month

Team size			:      15

Description:

Electronic Service System (ESS) version 4.0 is a web-based application.

That assists an airline assign services to individual flights. The
application as a leading edge solution that addresses the specific
scheduling needs of the carrier into their scheduling process.

The ESS 4.0 application will be a multi-carrier and multi-lingual
application.

In the ESS 4.0, we have different services to assign service using
creating rules, maintain the rules and depend on that Flight Service
Schedule, Service Demand Forecast. 

Service Scheduling is the art of applying general principles about level
of service across the network to all flights in the airline’s raw
schedule to produce a complete Flight Service Schedule.

(III) Sanitary Import Permit Information System 

Client				:      Department of Animal husbandry Dairying and Fisheries  
                              Environment			:      Java, Jsp, And
Servlet

   Framework			:      Struts1.1

Web server			:      JBoss3.2

Duration		             :      5 Month

Team size			:      6

Description:		The sanitary Import Permit information System provides the
application forms for import of livestock products, in three categories.

Application Form for Personal Consumption (Form - A)

Application Form for Trading/Marketing (Form - B)

Application Form for Grand Parent Stock of Poultry (Form - C)           
                               

The application received are examined and analyzed by the technical
experts of the Department conducting risk analysis on the basis of
scientific principles of OIE. The recommendations of technical experts
are examined by the Risk Analysis committee for either rejecting the
application or issuing SIP.

The application is developed in two sections due to the authentication &
Authorization purpose.

Administrators

Users

Administrators are those persons who control the applications.

Users are the Importers who are filling the application and waits for
the selection or rejection of the applications.

(IV) Web Enabled Nutrient intake Programme

Client			:                       AIIMS Delhi	

Environment		:	       	JSP, Servlet Tomcat5.5

Back-end		:          		Oracle 9i 

Duration		:    		3 Month 

Team size		:    	            2                                    

Description:            This project combines the expertise in critical
evaluation of food intake and check adequacy of nutrient intake as well
as public health nutrition. This project contains two modules. With the
help of this project we can spread information and guide the people
about diet and nutrition.

Internet module:

Nutrient value of food

Health Calculator

                  In this module we include general information about
nutrient and their values, scientific name and geographical location of
food stuff. in their PDF chart containing nutritive value of various
food stuff according to the categories.

Intranet module:

                                 

The information given in this module is accessible only company staff
and other authorized person here we make login password which will be
given by the authorized person. 

Professional Credential:

M.C.A from Graduate School of business & Administration, Gr. Noida in
2005 (1st Division) securing with 71.07%.

Educational Qualifications:

                 

B.Sc. from CSJM University, Kanpur (2000)

Class XII from U.P Board   (1997)

Class X from U.P Board   (1995)

Personal Details:

Father’s Name    	: 	Sri Brajesh Gupta

Date of Birth		:	15 Feb 1981

Sex			:	Male

Marital Status	             : 	Single 	

	 	

Place:

Date:	Lava gupta

