Vikas Sreedharan

Room # 7, Jamaliya house,

Opp Narmadshwar Temple,

S.T Road, B Camp, Mumbai-400 088.

Telephone: Mobile 	  09820578597

                   Residence  091-022-25585420.	

Email: vik_sn369@yahoo.co.in, vikky_s79@rediffmail.com

	

Objective:

To acquire new skills, knowledge and gain further exposure and
experience in the field of IT.

To contribute to the success of the organization through my talents,
dedications and hard work and to showcase my sincerity towards the same.

Summary

Has excellent communication skills and group acceptance

Have a liking in the field of Software Testing/ Quality Assurance.

Also seeking a challenging opportunity to work on and gain expertise for
the same.

Skills

Interpersonal skills

Good communication skills

Group acceptance

 

Post-Graduation

M.C.A with First class, Mumbai University from LBHSSTICA Bandra Mumbai
in 2004. 

Graduation

B.Sc  secured second class from Mumbai University, 2001.

HSC

Science, secured second class Maharashtra board, 1997

SSC

First class from Maharashtra Board, 1994

Related Experience:

CILTECHNOSOFT (A Division of Choudhary International Pvt Ltd.)Mumbai

June 2004 - Present

Software pre sales analyst / Testing 

Current CTC : Rs.13,500 /-

Developed domain Knowledge of banking & financial industry applications.
Conducted System study & Pre sales analysis of software’s for
nationalized as well as co-operative banks for credit lending software,
conducted presentations and user training. Manual testing of softwares
with creation of test cases with SQA standard. Implemented softwares for
nationalized banks. 

Projects :

1.Retail Lending Automation System (ReLeAS): The product is designed to
automate the retail lending process for all types of loan products, with
generation of automated scoring sheet for each borrower. Generates
appraisal reports and various MIS reports along with Sanction letters.

Platforms

Front End: PowerBuilder 8.0

Back End: Microsoft SQL 2000

Job Description:

Analysis 

Manual Testing

2.Portfolio Management System (PortMAN): The product is designed to
manage the NRI portfolio investment services, which includes selling and
buying of shares. The features include generation of various MIS reports
as well as Corporate Action.

Front End: PowerBuilder 8.0 / MicrosoftASP.NET 

Back End: Microsoft SQL 2000

Job Description:

Analysis 

Manual Testing

3.Credit Management System (CMS): The product is designed to automate
the entire lending process in a bank and provide credit portfolio
managers with tools and reporting to assist them in decision-making. 
The software is implemented for a nationalized bank.

Platforms

Front End: PowerBuilder 8.0

Back End: Sybase on UNIX

Job Description:

Analysis 

Testing

Implementation

4.Credit Appraisal Management System (CreAM): The product is designed to
automate the entire lending process in a bank and provide credit
portfolio managers with tools and reporting to assist them in
decision-making. 

Platforms

Front End: PowerBuilder 8.0

Back End: Oracle 9i 

Job Description:

System study

Analysis

Testing

Implementation

5.Office Administration System (Oasys)/ Asset Management system: The
software is designed to administer the details about the Travel and
Hotel accommodation when the executioves are on tour, Telephone
allotment & Bill details, Vehicle details for each executive, Furniture
& Fixtures inventory management, Insurance details, etc. The software is
implanted in a nationalized bank.

Platforms

Front End: PowerBuilder 8.0

Back End: Oracle 9i 

Job Description:

System study

Analysis

Testing

Technical Knowledge:

Knowledge of:

Operating System: Windows98/NT, 2000

Programming Languages: C, VB6.0, HTML, Java 2, and Power Builder 8.0.

Software tools/packages: ASP 3.0, JavaScript, MS-Access.

Operating Systems: Unix/Linux

Databases: Sql 2000 , Oracle 9i, Sybase.

Other Qualification

Software Development course called FOCUS during 1999-2000.

Duration: 1 year from Wintech Computers Ltd.

Personal Details:

Languages Known:  English., Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam.

Sex: Male

Marital Status: Single

Date of Birth: 21st June 1979.

Extra Curricular Activities (ECA):

Won Second prize in quiz competition in LBHSST’s annual college event
Tarash during Jan-Feb 2004.

Patricipated in a cricket tournament in LBHSST’s annual college event
Tarash  and won runner’s up as a team during Jan-Feb 2003.

Stood second in College in System Analysis & Design during Sem III
University held in December 2002.

Place : Mumbai	

Date :					

Vikas Sreedharan

