                       SANJAY KUMAR GUPTA				 

							mca.sanjaygupta@gmail.com

Mobile: +91-9920096084

	  						               201, Green Ridge - I,

                                                                        
Borivali (W), Mumbai – 400092.

Objective

To contribute my best skills in an esteemed organization that provides a
challenging environment, innovation & excellence to enhance my level of
professional competence through hard work, dedication, perseverance and
earnestness to learn. 

Summary

1.6 years of experience in developing Web Applications with ASP.Net,
C#.Net, VB.Net, Java Script, AJAX, CSS, XML and HTML.

Currently working for Hash Infosys Pvt. Ltd. as a Developer.

Academic profile

Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Amity School of Computer
Sciences, Noida with 66%.	 

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) from M.J.P. Rohilkhand University, Bareilly
with 68%. 

Skills

Programming Languages - C, C++, C#.Net, VB.Net, ADO.Net	 

Web Development - ASP.Net, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, HTML.

Operating System - Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista, UNIX

Database - Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2000/2005, Cache`(Post Relational
Muilti-dimentional Database).

Tools- SQL Server 2005 Repoting Servies, Subversion (tortise svn), CVS,
Flex.

Experience - 1.6 years 

Year - Jan 2006 to till date.

Employer - Hash Infosys Pvt. Ltd

Responsibilities - Project Analysis, Modules Break-ups, DB Design, Task
Scheduling, Code Development, Testing and Client Communication.

Projects

1) FNC

Firm/Organization - FNC

Project Name - FNC

Role - Developer

Team Size - 5

Duration - 4 months 

Platforms - ASP.NET, VB.NET, JavaScript, SQL Server 2005

Description:  This is a B2B and B2C Multilingual site. This project has
user friendly content management system which is used for managing
content with different templates. User can register there as a person or
as company. A company can use different templates for different
locations. User can search different profiles for company as well as
individual person. 

2) UShops

Firm/Organization - UShops (  HYPERLINK "http://www.ushops.com" 
www.ushops.com )

Project Name - Bulk Uploader

Role - Developer

Team Size - 2

Duration - 1.5 months

Platforms - C#.NET, MS Excel

Description - This is a window based application for an e-commerce
website. It is designed for uploading the data on site. Various files
and image formats allowed to upload on the remote server. This
application has ability to detect internet connectivity and any proxy.  

3) Student Projects allocation and Management (SPM)

Firm/Organization - NTPC 

Project Name - SPM

Role - Developer

Team Size - 4

Duration - 4 months 

Platforms - ASP.Net, C#.Net, JavaScript, AJAX, SQL Server 2000 

Description - This project is aimed at developing a web-based system,
which manages the activity of “Student Project Management” and
“Online Testing”. This system will manage the database and maintain
a list of all student groups that have registered on this site, conduct
their online test and shortlist those students who have passed the
eligibility criteria as set by the professors. In this project we have
three roles in this system, an administrator, a professor and a student.
An administrator logs into this system, and can register a professor who
belongs to that institution.

4) KMVN

Firm/Organization - Kumaon Mandal Vikas Nigam Ltd 

Project Name - KMVM (  HYPERLINK "http://www.kmvn.com"  www.kmvn.com )

Role - Developer

Team Size - 6

Duration - 7 months 

Platforms - ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server 2000 

Description - This project was designed to give the complete online
solution to Kumaon Mandal Vikas Nigam Ltd. KMVN is state government
enterprise which consists of around 45 guest houses all over the state.
The project is to automate the booking system for these guest houses
called tourist rest houses. This module is attached to the website of
the Nigam KMVN.org. It has five links destination, tariff,
accommodation, booking centre and online booking. Through these links
user can check where they can go in different cities of Uttaranchal.
They can see the tariff of the room, check the availability of the room,
type of room they want to book and user can also check the status.  

Personal Details:

Father’s name - Mr. C. B. Gupta.

Mother’s name - Mrs. Mithlesh Gupta.

Date of Birth - 10th May 1982. 

Languages known - English, Hindi.

Address - Flat Number 201, Green Ridge Towers – 1,

            Chikoowaadi, Borivali (W), Mumbai - 400092                  
  

Date:									Sanjay Kumar Gupta

Place:

