9920808359			    sachinraj003@hotmail.com,     HYPERLINK
"mailto:sraj003@sify.com"  sraj003@sify.com ,    

9833446093                                                HYPERLINK
"mailto:sachinraj003@gmail.com"  sachinraj003@gmail.com 

						

Objective

                     To carve a niche for myself through a process of
learning combined with     experience and inclination .I wish to
contribute vision, leadership and conceptual skills to my organization
and a sense of accomplishment in my endeavours.

Experience 

Around 2.4 Yrs experience in Software Development field in JAVA
Technology

Skills

DB Skills	SQL Server 2000, Oracle 9i (Basic Knowledge)

Internet Technology	J2EE (JSP, Servlets, Java Beans),JavaScript JDBC,
XML, STRUTS

Language	Java, C, C++

Application Servers	Macromedia JRUN4, Apache Tomcat 1.5

CMMI Implementation Tools	Star Team

ORM Tools	Hibernate



IT Experience

2.4 Yrs experience

Name of Company	Financial Software and Systems (P) Ltd

Mumbai (FSS)

Designation	Software Engineer

About FSS	FSS is pioneering in providing Banking Solutions to the
leading banks in India and off late expanding abroad too.

I have been a part of the Development team since Feb 2006, working on
Retail Banking Products, principally Merchant Acquiring.

Designed and Developed web based applications using J2EE technologies. 

Clients Served: ICICI Bank, FINO - ICICI, UTI Bank, SBI.



Period of Employment	Feb 2006 - Till Date



Name of Company	AuraSoft Technologies Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Pune

Designation	Software Engineer

Period of Employment	Jan 2005 to Feb 2006



Current Work

RECENT JOB

HANDLINGS	

Workflow based Application Development in Java/J2EE

Servlets, JDBC. Hibernate , XML

Design Development, Coding, Support for AMS

Banking Domain





Projects Information

Project #1

Project Title	 Merchant Acquiring Payment System 3.0 (MAPS)

Platform 	 JSP/ Servlet/ XML/SQL Server 2000/JRUN

My Role 	Software Development, Coding, Implementing Hibernate to make
MAPS Database Independent

Client	HDFC (Probably)

Project details	          With the company expanding its business
overseas, need was felt to upgrade the existing core MAPS product to add
features like Database Independence, Multi Currency, Multi Lingual
support, Re-Modularization to enable easy plug n play of different
modules of MAPS, User Defined Fields, etc. Hence, a project was
initiated to upgrade core MAPS to MAPS version 3.0, which would include
the above features. 



Project #2

Project Title	Agent Management System (Current project)

Platform 	 JSP/ Servlet/ XML/SQL Server 2000/JRUN

My Role 	Software Development, Coding, Support

Client 	FINO – ICICI BANK

Project details	             Agent Management System (AMS) is a part of
the Micro Banking project launched by the FINO module of ICICI Bank.
Micro Banking aims at providing advanced banking facilities to the rural
sector of India. Since, online connectivity is currently not available
in rural India, FINO aims at providing Smart Cards to the peasants,
using which the peasants can do the banking transactions on the off-line
portable POS terminals. The critical information is stored in the
built-in chip on the Smart Card. The peasants can now avail cashless
Agricultural loans in the form of the Smart Cards and use them for their
purchases. With the success of this project, FINO aims at providing
other facilities to the peasants via the Smart Card like Insurance,
Money Transfer, etc. 



Project #3

Project Title	UTI - Merchant Acquiring Payment System 

Platform 	 JSP/ Servlet/ XML/SQL Server 2000/JRUN

My Role 	Software Development, Coding, Implementing Hibernate in the
Application, Working on Change for Request

Client	UTI Bank

Project details	UTI Bank opted to use MAPS for their Merchant Acquiring
Transaction processing. However, they required some customizations in
the existing core MAPS product. Hence, we branched a version from the
core MAPS to suit the UTI needs. This version, named as UTI-MAPS, was
maintained independently and the UTI specific CRs were implemented in
it.



Project #4

Project Title	Executive Information System (EIS) 

Platform 	Core Java, Servlets, JSP, JavaScript, SQL Analysis Server,
.NET

Role 	Software Development, Designing the Front End in JSP

Project details	             For quick reporting and online analysis on
huge data, going into terabytes, an analysis tool was required by SBI.
Hence, FSS developed the EIS system, which used OLAP cubes, .NET web
services etc to provide pre-defined reports, data of which can be
analysed by the user at runtime by selecting various input criteria and
also by viewing different charts and diagrams



STRIKING FEATURES OF PROJECTS AT FSS

XML based Batch Manager: Transaction processing included a lot of Batch
Processes, which could be broken down into logically independent
Processors. Hence, we developed an XML based Batch Manager module,
wherein the batch processing can be easily configured by the users at
runtime using XMLs. Also, new Batches can be introduced by plug n play
methods involving practically no code changes. 

XML based Reporting Tool: Clients required various reports from time to
time. So, we designed and developed a generic reporting tool wherein the
report definitions were stored in XML files. Whenever a new report was
required or an existing report was to be modified; only the XML file
needed to be configured and no code changes were required. Hence, this
tool proved to be very handy, eliminating frequent WAR file deployments
at client end.

Project #5

Project Title	School Management System 

Platform 	J2EE / Swing/SQL Server 2000/Tomcat server

Role 	Software Development, Designing. 

Project details	All the GUI’s are designed in Swing and a servlet is
being implemented to handle the database part. The user logs in to the
system through a web browser, which consists of a Swing Applet. With
proper authentication the system opens a frame of the module which
communicates with the server through url? 



Educational Qualifications

Qualification	School/University	Year	Division



B. Tech.

(Information Technology)

	U.P. Tech. University	2000-2004	67%

Intermediate	         I.S.C	1998	75.5% 



High School

	        I.C.S.E	1996	69%



Personal Information

Name:	Sachin Raj

Date of birth:	18 Oct 1981

Sex: 	Male

Nationality:	Indian

Mobile Number: 	9920808359, 9833446093

Languages Known: 	English, Hindi



Contact Details 

Email address	  HYPERLINK "mailto:sachinraj003@hotmail.com" 
sachinraj003@hotmail.com  ,   HYPERLINK
"mailto:sraj003@sify.com;sachinraj003@gmail.com" 
sraj003@sify.com;sachinraj003@gmail.com 

Current Address	

Flat no 11, Kranti – 10, Ramesh Nagar, Amboli,

Andheri (W), 

Mumbai - 400058





                                                     SACHIN RAJ

