RAJESH KUMAR

E-Mail		:- 	rajeshkumar.ism@gmail.com

( 		: - 	+91 9892979889

Address	: - 	City Point, 403,’A’ Wing, J.B.Nagar, Andheri-Kurla
Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai –

                                    400059,Maharastra,India

Objective

To work professionally with equal dedication and positive attitude,
assuring high standards of efficiency with the best of abilities.

Summary of Organizational Experience:

2+ Years of working experience in IT industry with working knowledge of
C# and ASP.NET.

Presently working as a Software Engineer at Aptivaa Consulting
Solutions(P) Ltd. Mumbai

Proficient in C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, XML,JavaScript,Ajax and SQL Server
2000 developing the Web Applications using the Web server Server
Internet Information Services (IIS).

Computer/ IT Skills

Major Computer languages/ Platform known:	 

ASP.NET, C#, C++, C

Database/ Database software known:

SQL Server, MS Access

Operating Systems known:

Windows (XP, 98), MS DOS, UNIX

Markup Languages:

HTML and XML

Qualifications

Professional

M.Sc. (Mathematics & Computing) from INDIAN SCHOOL OF MINES, DHANBAD
with an aggregate of 71% marks 

Academics

BSc(Mathematics-Hons) from Vinoba Bhave University with 73% marks

Intermediate (XII) from C.B.S.E with an aggregate of 63% marks.

Matriculation(X) from B.S.E.B. with an aggregate of 70% marks.

Project Details

#4 PROJECT

Project Title			:  ORM (Operational Risk Management) System.

Platform 			:  C# on Microsoft ASP.NET

Database   			: SQL Server 2000

Tools                           	: C#.net, ASP.net,
JavaScript,C#Script,XML, ADO.net

Client 				: RELIANCE LIFE INSURANCE.

Role				: Developer.

Description			 “ORM System” is an Enterprise wide Risk Management
Solution which deals individually with the entire major factors related
to internal audit and risk management according to International
Committee BASEL II guidelines.  These are Control Self Assessment (CSA),
Risk Self Assessment (RSA), Loss Data Capture (LDC), and Scenario
Analysis. Control Self Assessment is an interactive and collaborative
interaction between auditors or other facilitators and the organization
being audited. Through the Control Self Assessment process, participants
learn more about controls and their own responsibility regarding risk
management. Risk Self Assessments deals with the identification of most
important risk related to the internal audit. Through LDC all the loss
events and the losses related to the organizations is recorded .And if
the enough internal loss event data is not available we go for scenario
analysis which is the process of recording the different causes and
their respective effects. Finally by taking theses scores and through
the Capital Calculation engine the expected loss is calculated.

#3 PROJECT

Project Title			:  D’RisK Auditor.

Platform 			:  C# on Microsoft ASP.NET

Database   			: SQL Server 2000

Tools                           	:
C#.net,ASP.net,JavaScript,C#Script,XML, ADO.net

Client 				: HDFC Bank, PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK, KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK

Role				: Developer.

Description			 “D Risk Auditor” is an Enterprise wide Risk
Management System used for banking and financial sector based on Reserve
Bank of India Guideline. It provides process driven risk identification
and auditing approach to audit consisting of Preliminary survey for
identifying significant Entities, and also inherent risk elements. Audit
Flow is designed to leave an audit trail which seeks to minimize
possibilities of fraud. The final step is expanded audit which follows
the traditional practice of transaction testing of the selected
entities. It is designed to check systemic failure in auditing. It also
provides evolution of continuous online monitoring. The application is
web based.

#2 PROJECT

Project Title			:  Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Management Solution

Front-end Tool		: C# on Microsoft ASP.NET

Back-end Tool		:  SQL Server 2000

Client 				: ING Vysya Bank

Role				: Developer.

Description			“SOX Management Solution” is a solution that is
designed   to protect investors by improving the accuracy and
reliability of company financial disclosures. Consequently, it also
provides facilities of Control Self Assessment Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Act
2002. It helps organizations to act in accordance with Sarbanes-Oxley
compliances, by providing an automated solution to institute, execute,
approve and assess internal controls, which is necessary to demonstrate
procedure/policy compliance and financial accountability, as well as
protecting the organization’s operational and business interests. It
creates compliance visibility and provides a tool to assist
organizations in assessing risk of non-compliance as a preemptive
approach to maintaining compliance.

#1PROJECT	

Project Title			:  Key Risk Indicators

Tools                           	:  ASP.NET, JavaScript, C# Script, XML,
ADO.NET

Back-end Tool		            :  SQL Server 2000

Client 			            : ING Vysya Bank, Standard Chartered Bank

Role				: Developer

Description			: “D’RisK Key Risk Indicators” is a solution that is
used for the mapping of Operational Risk with the objective of
identifying the risks inherent in the different steps of a business
process, selecting a set of variables providing an estimate for the
likelihood and the severity of operational risk (Key Risk Indicators -
KRIs) and designing the most appropriate control activities.

Achievements & Extra Curricular Activities

Presented the paper entitled “Earthquake: It’s prediction using
Animal Theory and Sensor Network in SAP seminar on recent advances in
theoretical and applied seismology ,March 3-4 2005.

Made software for the GEOMAC-2004 Quiz Competition in VB.

Participated in Various Stage Show. 

Personal Details

Name			: Rajesh Kumar  

			Father’s Name		: Shri S.M Prasad

			Date of Birth		: 09th Jan 1980

			Nationality		: Indian

Languages		: English, Hindi	

Marital Status		: Single

Email id		: rajeshkumar.ism@gmail.com

Mobile No.		: +91 9892979889

Declaration: 

All entries made in this resume are true to the best of my knowledge and
belief. I am willing to produce original certificates on demand at any
stage.

Date:                                                                   
                                                            Rajesh Kumar

(Email-rajeshkumar.ism@gmail.com               Mob No- +91-9892979889

