CURRICULUM VITAE

HEMANTA BHUYAN				   	Contact No.: +91 9833794492

110, PhilJoy Appt., 

Prem Nagar, Nr. MCF Club			       		  E-mail:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:hemanta.bhuyan@gmail.com"  hemanta.bhuyan@gmail.com 

Borivoli(W), Mumbai.			                    	 		   

				 

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Looking for a challenging position in  IT solutions industry  where my
technical knowledge, logical and analytical skills will contribute to
the industry and to my career growth.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

2.5 years of Professional experience in software analysis, designing,
coding and strong exposure to software development life cycle. Strong
analytical and innovative skill. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Development Platforms: 	Visual Basic, .Net 2003-2005

Data Base: 	MS SQL Server 2000, MS Access2000, Oracle

Languages: 	Visual Basic 6.0, VS.NET 2003,2005

Web Technologies:	HTML, ASP.NET(C#,VB.Net), XML, Web Services

Reporting:	Crystal Report 9/10

Operating Systems:	Windows 9x, 2000,XP,2003

Other Language: 	C++, Borland C++ Builder6.0



QUALIFICATION

Masters in Computer Applications (MCA), June 2004

'A' level (DOEACC), 6 CGO Complex, New Delhi.

B.Sc. (Physics & Electronics), October 1999

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:

Organization	Designation	              Duration

Gemsoft 	Sr. Software Developer	              Dec.2005 onwards

Gee Pee Soft Source Pvt. Ltd.	Software Programmer	              May 2005
– Nov. 2005 

Info spine Soft Solution	Programmer	              Oct 2004 – April
2005

PROJECTS:

1. SOAR (an Organization Survey unit)

Duration: April 2007 – till date

Clients: Parkland Inc. USA

Description:   SOAR – an application which will be used by Parkland
and its sub-contractors to review the performance of an organization.
It’s is one kind of survey system. Online License verification and
Updating is included in this application. User friendly & Easy to use
application. Import and exporting of data. Quick & accurate reporting. 

Responsibility: 

Analysis of the requirements

Designing database, Reports

Planning and Developing of Different window forms and coding

Team size: 3

Tools used: MS Visual Studio.NET/MS Acess2000/SQL Server 2000/Crystal
Report10

2. Clinic Management Software (Smart Care)

Duration: December 2006 – March 2007

Clients: Avon Medical Centre Pvt. Ltd. (ISO Certified organization),
Khetwadi, Mumbai.

Description:   It is a Client-Server based Multi User System. Vary
user-friendly with attractive user interface. The software includes
patient history with all personal details with photo and past medical
history. Using barcode for Patient-ID Card. Generate prescription,
certificates, admission notes, Doctor Reference latter and other many
reports. Some other features like Video instructions for patients,
Patient appointments and Patient Reminder service with SMS.

Responsibility: 

Analysis of the requirements

Designing database, Reports

Planning and Developing of Different window forms and coding

Team size: 3

Tools used: MS Visual Studio.NET/SQL Server 2000/Crystal Report10

3. Online Trading and Accounting Software (Smart Trade)
(www.ajaypansuriya.com)

Duration: Sept 2006 – December 2006

Clients: Pansuriya Impex, Opera House, Mumbai.

Description:  It is a server based 3-tier web application. The software
includes all accounting works, for an Export firm, including Export,
Import, Local Sale-Purchase, Issue-Receive, Maintaining Different Bank
Account of the Firm, Stock Record Maintaining, Calculation of current
Stock with value, Generating All Export-import, Local sale-purchase
invoices and other needful documents, Generating different financial
reports like Customer-ledger, Journal etc. The software includes Strong
Security including different user authority.

Responsibility: 

Analysis of the software requirement and designing 

Designing database

Planning and Developing of Different webforms and coding

Team size: 3

Tools used: MS Visual Studio.NET/ASP.NET/SQL Server 2000/Crystal
Report10

4. Financial Accounting Software (Export Oriented Unit)

Duration: May 2006 – November 2006

Clients: (a) D.A.Jhaveri , 9th Floor, Jain Tower, Opera House, Mumbai.

Description:  It is a Client-Server based 2 tier Application. The client
is a Diamond Export Firm. The software includes all accounting work
including  Export, Import, Local Sale-Purchase, Diamond Certification
Issue-Receive, Maintaining Different Bank Account of the Firm,
Generating Credit-Debit Notes, Generating All Export-import, Local
sale-purchase invoices and other needful documents, Generating different
financial reports like Balance sheet, trial balance, Bank Book,
Customer-ledger, Journal etc., maintaining personal account, maintaining
Diamond stock of different category. Keeping all record of diamond
certification. Current Stock calculation accordingly of import-export,
local sale-purchase, Branch transfer-receive, rapaport issue-receive,
certification issue-receive.

Responsibility: 

Analysis of the software requirement and designing 

Designing database

Planning and Developing of Different forms and coding

Team size: 3

Tools used: Visual Basic 6.0/SQL Server 2000/Crystal Report 9

5. Diamond Factory Management System (with Barcode Application)

Duration: Dec 2005 – June 2006

Client: Suresh Brothers, D.A.Jhaveri , Priyanka Gems, Alpa Diamonds

Description: It is server based Multi User System. It is 2 tier windows
Application. It’s a complete & Perfect Solution for Diamond
Manufacturers. That handles all the transactions using barcodes. It
includes all the processing of diamonds and provides pin point
reporting, it provides facilities of import/export with MS Excel. It
also provides interactions with weight scale. It is a complete ERP
solution including stock maintenance to worker’s labor calculation. 

Responsibility: 

Software support and Solving Requirements

Report Generation

Form designing and coding

Team size: 5

Tools used: Visual Basic 6.0/SQL Server 2000/Crystal Report 9

	

6. MLM (Multi Level Marketing) for SR FOOD PRODUCTS

Duration: November 2004 – April 2005

Client: SR Food Products, Janak Puri, New Delhi-58 

Description: This package is for Multilevel Marketing of household
items. Every member has a unique position in hierarchical/tree like
structure. If a member buys something from shop then a predefined
commission amount is distributed to different members, which are above
him. The main job of this package is to manage this commission.
Important report given by this package are Commission flow details,
Customer Ledger, Pending/Delivered Order details, Daily/Weekly/Monthly
Transaction Details, Stock status etc.

Responsibility: Analysis, designing, coding, implementation.

Team Size: 3

Tools used: VB6/ MS-Access/Crystal Report9

PERSONAL DETAILS

PRESENT ADDRESS 	:	D110, Philjoy Apt, PremNagar, Borivali(W),
Mumbai-400092

MARITAL STATUS		:	Single.

NATIONALITY		:	Indian

HOBBIES			:	Badminton, reading, computer games, songs, photo editing

SELF-ASSESSMENT

I set high standards for myself. I have a flair for learning new things
and accepting challenges. I also have a realization and strongly believe
that with my skills, logical thinking, determination, devotion, and
diligent efforts, I can prove to be an asset to any organization.

																				         HEMANTA BHUYAN

