             	                                                          
   Kiran A. Mote.                                                       
                             	 						   Rajmata CHS.

	  Plot No-62/8,

  Sawarkar Nagar. Thane (W),

  Contact No:  02225814465

	  Mobile  : (+91) 9892732322

                                                                        
             E-mail:    HYPERLINK "mailto:kiranmote@gmail.com" 
kiranmote@gmail.com                                                     
                                     

Career Objective:

To work in the most challenging position with an organization that
provides ample opportunities to learn and to contribute.

Work Experience : 1.5Years

Company Name : BizOs Software Pvt. Ltd          

                                                       

Designation:  Jr. Software Developer 

Technical Skills :

Programming Languages	ASP.NET ,C#.NET,ADO.NET.

Databases	SQL SERVER (2000).

Operating Systems	Windows 9X/ 2000.

Web Technologies	HTML.



                                                                        
                                  

WholeScrum Project –PM TOOL (ASP.Net)

In a competitive business climate, your organization's ability to
efficiently align resources and business activities with strategic
objectives can mean the difference between succeeding and just
surviving. To achieve strategic alignment, organizations are
increasingly managing their activities and processes as projects—In
essence, projectizing their business—to monitor performance more
closely and make better business decisions about their overall work
portfolio. By planning and tracking projects with clarity and precision,
organizations can respond with greater agility to the demands of a
fast-changing business environment.Developed Project Management Tool for
BizOS Software.  My role was to create and develop certain web pages.

Skills used: - Asp.net, C#. Net, SQL Server 2000.

Graphic Laminating (ASP.Net)

This application is designed for providing easily configurable,
multilingualshopping cart product. Offers a complete solution for any
kind shopping site. This product provides all features like payment
gateways, security, role management, administration facilities, back
office utilities like label printing, QA etc.This is Online shopping
site which was developed for US client .In this project my role was to
create and develop Shop Cart Module.

Skills used: - Asp.net , C#. Net,  SQL Server 2000.

Business Software Framework (BaseOne)

The main functionality of this module is to Track the Movement and
present location of the goods in different warehouses located in many
different places.This module also provides with various reports such as
Stock Transfer Order, Stock Transfer Report, Inventory Status Report,
Goods Expiry Ageing Report etc.It also consists of various Master Forms
as well as Transaction Forms. Currently working in maintenance of
BaseOne .Modification and error solving as per client request.

Skills used: - C#. Net, SQL Server 2000

	

Document Management  Service 

This DMS engine is used to attach all type of Documents to this engine.

It also gives the various features like versioning, checkin, checkout.	

Skills used: - C#. Net, SQL Server 2000

Right Click Application

This  package aims to provide an interface between two or more
application. This consist of four major parts 

1.Engine  

2.Calling service  

3.Event Handlers  

4.Interface

Skills used: - C#. Net, SQL Server 2000

	

Roche Diagnostics

 Develop various windows based forms as per client requirements.

 Skills used: - C#. Net, SQL Server 2000

    		

EDUCATIONAL PROFILE: 

-------------------------------------

SSC from Gopalrao Dev Prashala, Maharashtra. 1998 with 73.7%

HSC from B.N Badodkar College of Science. Thane. Maharashtra, 2000 with
70.5%

B.E in Information Technology from PVPP College of Engg. Sion.  Mumbai.
University. 2004 with 51.57%.

Personal Detail:

Sex 			: Male                              

Nationality		: Indian

Marital Status		: Single

Languages Known	:English,Marathi,Hindi

