Curriculum Vitae

	

ASHISH SARDA

                                                                        
         Permanent Add:

118, WARDHAMAN NAGAR

NAGPUR-440008

MAHARASHTRA

INDIA

E -Mail:    HYPERLINK mailto:Ashish.sarda@gmail.com 
Ashish.sarda@gmail.com 

          HYPERLINK mailto:Ashishsarda24@rediffmail.com 
Ashishsarda24@rediffmail.com 

Mobile: 09822728286

Summary 		

     

2 Years of experience in VB.net and ASP.net (Regard Solution Private
Ltd., Nagpur).

Capacity for work - meeting deadlines.

Establishing and maintaining productive working relationship with
management, clients and team members.

Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent analytical skills.

Professional Experience 

2 years working experience with Regard Solution Private Ltd., Nagpur as
a    Senior Software Developer.

Education Qualification

B.E. in Information Technology from Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru Engineering
College, Nagpur with an aggregate of 70.8%.

Project Details

Client                   : HP and VCG

Organization       :  Regards Solution Private Ltd.

Domain                : VB.net and ASP.net

Project Name      : VPA using VB.net and ASP.net

Description of 

      the Project     : VPA is software that contains internal
information about the company. The details about employees, employers,
careers, Help and AboutUs. The employees will have all their details
like personal information, about leave, why he want leave. Employer can
see the employee details, why he want leave and how many leave he has
taken and why. Careers will have all details about the openings present
in company. It also contains FileALeave page through which we can file a
leave and all details related to leave.

      Team Size:  4

      Role: 1) Wrote Business Layer code for Admin section 

                2) Did Nunit testing for various test cases.

Project Details

     Client                   : Sony and AutoDesk

Organization      : Regards Solution Private Ltd.

Domain               : VB.net and ASP.net

Description of 

      the Project   :  RApproval is Regard Solutions product for Sony
and Autodesk.

                                  This product is used to mobilize and
reduce decision-making time.

                                  It has concept of templates. Templates
are the approvals, which are sent by requestor to users who have rights
to approve that approval. The concept of template is: Admin creates
template and assign users to it who can submit this template and users
who can approve this template. It may be possible that submitter has
sent his request but approver is not there to approve it. The decision
needs to be made quickly, then approval will be sent to approver on his
blackberry and he can take his decision at that time only. There are
different rights provided for different post hold in organization. For
example Admin can create new users, new groups (Groups are a particular
section of users in-group), new templates and new reports. He has rights
to submit and approved approvals. Users only have rights to send
approvals and see reports send to him. Admin can approve, deny, cancel
or forward the approvals sent to him

      Team Size:  4

      Role: 1) Wrote Business Object layer code 

                2) Worked on front end.

Project Details

Organization      : Regards Solution Private Ltd.

Domain               : VB.net and ASP.net

Description of 

      the Project   : Exception Management is a module, which is similar
to Microsoft exception handling. In this exception classes are already
defined. When an exception occurs, an exception is thrown, which is
catched in exception class of that exception. Here, we also have
facility whether you want to Send or Don’t Send the exception to
server. If user selects Don’t Send, an exception is logged at client
side as well as to server side. If user selects Send, the exception
along with 10 previous exceptions are send to server. If the type of
exception raised is already present in database, causes and solutions
for Exception are sent to the user. If type of exception raised is not
present in database, a Ticket is generated, ticket Id is sent to user
saying your exception has been logged, will send you causes and
solutions for exception very soon. It is supported by SQL Server and
Oracle databases.

      Team Size:  3

      Role: Wrote Business Object layer code

Project Details

     Organization      : Regards Solutions Private Ltd.

Domain               : VB.net and ASP.net

Description of 

      the Project   :  TIMESHEET is software, which pops after every 1
hour, and the employee will fill the task he has done in last 1 hour.
The employer can also see the projects and tasks assigned to the
employee to the employee and allocate new tasks to employee.

     Team Size:  4

     Role: 1) Wrote Business Object layer. 

               2) Wrote code to pop up window after every one hour. 

               3) Wrote code to save/ update timesheet details.

Project Details

 Organization      : Premiere Technologies Private Ltd.

 Project Name     : “SQL_UTILITY” using VC++

      Description of 

       the Project   : SQL UTILITY is software that acts as an interface
between SQL and database. SQL commands are sent to database through
means of interface. The interface opens a recordset object based on SQL
command sent to the database. The recordset that is returned can be
read, sorted and modified. The recordset we derive from database classes
use ODBC to communicate with data source, and ODBC retrieves records
from data source by sending SQL statements.

       Team Size:  3

       Role: Created Interface

Technical Skills

Tools		: VB, SQL, PL/SQL, NUNIT TESTING TOOL

Languages			: C, C ++, VB.NET, ASP.NET

      Certifications                     :   Microsoft Certified
Professional (MCP).  Certification   

                                                  in 70- 305 ASP.Net
with a score of 848/1000.

 Personal Details

Date of birth		: 24th November 1983.

Father’s Name		: Mr. Brijmohan Sarda

Languages Known  	: English and Hindi.

     Hobbies			: Playing and watching cricket matches.

     

	

	 

