Application Letter

Sachin Sopan Dagade

c/o Jagtap S.D.

Sairaj Flat no. 503,5th floor,									 Plot no. 63 Near Damale Colony

Kanjurmarg [east] Mumbai,

Maharashtra 400042.

India

email: Sachin.dagade@hotmail.com, savakar123@rediffmail.com

Dear Sir or Madam:

I, Sachin S. Dagade, as Master of Computer Management. I would like to
describe myself as an ambitious and a determined person with a good
sense of responsibility, commitment and an ability to work hard. My past
experience has given me a lot of exposure to work smoothly and
efficiently in a professional environment.

A first class with distinction in post-graduate from Shivaji University,
Kolhapur, I have completed MCM (Master of Computer Management) from
Shivaji University Kolhapur in 2003. Always an achiever in academics, I
was the 5th rank holder in university in MCM.

Since last two years, I am working with GAC Shipping (India) Pvt. Ltd as
Software programmer. I have well-rounded exposure to visual basic 6.0,
VB.Net, ASP.Net and Microsoft SQL server. Apart from my work-related
experience, my competence lies in inter-personal relations, adaptability
to change and management discipline. I am available for an interview at
your convenience. Attached is my resume for your review.

I appreciate your time, and look forward to speaking to you.

Thank you, 

Sachin Sopan Dagade

Sachin Dagade

QUALIFICATION B.Sc., M.C.M.

C/O Jagtap S.D.											 Sairaj, Flat no. 503,5th floor,									 Plot
no. 63 Near Damale Colony

Kanjurmarg [east] Mumbai,

Maharashtra 400042.India

Contact No:91-9867463241

Email: sachin.dagade@hotmail.com

OBJECTIVE:	

To seek a responsible & challenging position which makes use of my full
potential & my talent and gives me an opportunity for personal growth &
professional advancement, while fulfilling company’s objectives.

Work Experience:

Working with GAC Shipping India Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai as S/W Programmer (8
March 2005 to Till Date).

Description of my perfect job:									

A fast-paced and challenging environment where new solutions are used to
solve technical problems.

EDUCATION: 									

Degree	College	University	Year	Percentage

B.Sc. 	WILLINGDON COLLEGE SANGLI	SHIVAJI UNIVERSITY	 5/2001	63%

M.C.M.	BV’S Institute of Management and Rural Development
Administration Sangli.	SHIVAJI UNIVERSITY	 6/2003	74%

Technical Skills:										 		Languages		:C, C++, C#, COBOL, FoxPro					
RDBMS			:ORACLE 8i,MSACCESS,SQL 2000, SQL 2005.				Development tools
:Visual Basic 6.0,Power Builder 4.0,VB.net,ASP.net				Operating Systems
:Windows 9x,Me,Xp,NT,SERVER2003,Unix,Linux.				Package	
:Ms-Office97,Office Xp, Ms- Office 2003					Scripting Language	:Vbscript
							Markup Language	:HTML,DHTML,XML							Web Technologies
:ASP,FrontPage-2000 Asp.net						Tools			:Crystal Reports, Macromedia
Dream weaver.

SEMINARS GIVEN: 	Seminar Name 				Date

		NET WORKING FOR OFFICE		13/09/2001

 		SMART CARD 				13/10/2002

PROJECTS:	Project name 		

 		COLOR LAB BILLING SYSTEM		FoxPro 2.6

 		MEDICAL DRUG DRISIBUTION SYSTEM	VB6.0 / ACCESS/Crystal reports 

TARGET JOB	Target Job Title:		software developer

 		Alternate Target Job Title: 	software programmer

 		Desired Job Type: 		Permanent, Intern / Work Experience,

  						Contract/Project

 		Work Load: 			Full Time

 		Site Location: 			No Preference

 

Career Level:			Medium Level (less than 4 years experience)

Date of Availability:		Less than 1 month

TARGET COMPANY Size:				No Preference 

Category:					IT - Software

EXPERIENCE in Detail:

3/2005- to Till Date GAC Shipping (I) Pvt Ltd. Fort Mumbai.

Software Programmer										Working as a Software Programmer in GAC
Shipping (I) Pvt Ltd in Fort Mumbai to developed many database oriented
projects as Import, Export, Cargo Tracking, Container Tracking and Cha
system for various branches of GAC all over India using development
tools as vb6.0 ,Vb.net, ASP.net ,backend as SQL server and reporting
tool Crystal report 8.5.

06/2004-01/2005 CKT arts, commerce, science college New Panvel.

Lecturer											Working as full time lecturer in CKT College New
Panvel. To teach various subjects as Operating System, Linux Operating
system, VB6.0, Object Oriented programming and data structure, RDBMS
using SQL 7.0, and personal guidance to student to develop various
projects.

11/2003-05/2004 Visa’s Software vishrambag sangli.

Programmer											Working as a programmer in Visa software vishrambag
sangli to developed many database oriented projects as distribution and
billing system, canvassing agent system for various client using
development tools as vb6.0,Vb.Net and SQL server.

PROJECTS for GAC Shipping India Pvt. Ltd.

Application 1	:	Management Information System.

Team Size     	:	3

Duration  	:	Ongoing Project.

Technologies	:	Asp.Net, Microsoft SQL Server  

Project Description      	

Management Information System as an information system that integrates
data from all the departments it serves and provides operations and
management with the information they require. System designed to help
managers plan, direct business and organizational operations. This
system transforms data into useful information to support of decision
making and to generate reports like, financial statements, status
reports, and performance reports needed for routine or non-routine
purposes. This system support to managers to provide a competitive
advantage.

Role                               	

Investigate the initial problem by determining what the problem is and
developing a feasibility study for management to reviews the systems,
analysis and design. And Designed and developed of various module.

Application 2	:	Container Tracking Management Software

Team Size     	:	3

Duration  	:	3

Technologies	:	Asp.Net, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 8.5,
Adobe Photoshop

Project Description      	

Container tracking module consists of entire Import and Export cycle of
Container Movement from unloading from the vessel to Loading to the
Vessel. Detailed report section provides the facility to check the
status of Container or Containers at a glance various required
calculations are provided to make operations paperless and efficient.
Various Masters like Container Size, Sector, Location, Area, Port,
Vessel, Voyage, Commodity, Container Type, Container Status, Hazardous
Class etc as per UN standard. Container Movement details consisting of
the Place of Receipt, Port of Loading, Port of Discharge and Place of
Final Delivery, Location to where it is moved for both Import and
Exports, the Vessel / Voyage Details, Date and Time of Movement,  etc.

Role                               	

Communicated with the users to gain knowledge of container tracking
process. Designed and developed Master, Transaction, Report and security
modules.  And implementation of an Application. 

Application 3	:	Cargo Tracking Management Software

Team Size     	:	3

Duration  	:	4

Technologies	:	VB 6.0, Asp.Net, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, Crystal
Reports 8.5 

Project Description      	

Cargo tracking module consists the details of shipment from the
preliminary phase of stuffing, afterward loading, various
Transshipments, discharge details at final destination and the de
stuffing /delivery status.

Through this user and client can track any shipments and their details
of the same at a glance. Apart from this user can generate the various
reports like wise HBL, Destuffing, Line, Onboard report, Container
Report for Agent etc. using report module. Because of this software GAC
India are able to give best reporting service which is the main
requirement of customers and clients. 

Role                               	

Communicated with the users to gain knowledge of cargo tracking process.
Designed and developed Masters, Transaction Module, Reports and the
security module in VB 6.0. Mainly this system is developed in two
phases; 1st is windows based where user can fill all the details which
is developed using VB 6.0 and 2nd  is web based where customer and
client can track there shipment online which is developed using ASP.Net.

Application 4	:	GAC Freight Rate Application

Team Size     	:	3

Duration  	:	3 Months

Technologies	:	Asp.Net, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 8.5,
Adobe Photoshop

Project Description      	

The Application is used by the GAC staff to store & retrieve Rates for
different carriers destination wise and by container type. The
Application performs rate comparisons on all rated carriers and also
enables immediate time and labor savings. Allows for flexible updating
of rates.

Role                               	

Involved in designing, development and implementation of the
Application.

Application 5	:	GAC India Web Site

Team Size     	:	3

Duration  	:	3 Months

Technologies	:	HTML, Asp.Net, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, Adobe
Photoshop, Flash

Project Description      	

The website describes about the valuable services provided by the
Organization such as Shipping, Logistics, Tramp, and Marine to its
customers. The website also provides the contact details of the
Operation people who can be contacted to get details and to get the
status about the cargo. The website also provides links to latest news
and other articles related to Shipping Industry.

Role                               	

Involved in development and implementation of the website.

Application 6              	:    EXPORT/IMPORT Package for Liner

Team Size                   	:	3

Duration                      	:	4 Months

Technologies	:	Visual Basic 6.0, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, Crystal
Report 8.5

Project Description      	

Initially the software was designed in FoxPro 2.6 and then converted to
VB6/SQL with additional functionality of EDI. Application is used for
exchange of EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) with Bombay and JNPT Ports
and Principals using UN/EDIFACT standard messages. Import module
contains following features like IGM (EDI and Non-EDI), Import Advance
list, Inward Report etc. Export module contains following features like
EGM (Export General Manifest), B/L Preparation, Export Advance List etc.
The application also creates different Edi files such as Codeco, Coprar,
Coarri, and Calind which can be exchanged with Customs.

Role                               	

Communicated with the Liner colleagues to gain knowledge of
Export/Import process. Communicated with the Customs to gain knowledge
of EDI. Designed and developed several Masters. Designed and developed
Export module and also wrote the Export and Import EDI module and
successfully tested and implemented with customs.

OPTIONAL INFORMATION:

Gender		:			Male					  Marital status	:			Single

Date of Birth	:			13/6/1981 

REFERENCES:

Mr. Amit Itraj		: Accenture India 	Software Engineer

Phone Number		: 919819415718

Email Address		:   HYPERLINK "mailto:amit.itraj@gmail.com" 
amit.itraj@gmail.com 

Reference Type		: Professional

Mr. Amit Kelkar		: L&T InfoTech India 	Software Engineer

Phone Number		: 919820253003

Email Address		:   HYPERLINK "mailto:amit.kelkar@gmail.com" 
amit.kelkar@gmail.com 

Reference Type		: Professional

