NEHAL AHMAD 

Flyvia Beauty Parlour							Contact: 9833342629

1st Floor, Nitiyanand Nagar,						Email: hainehal@gmail.com

Gate No: 4, Wadala

Mumbai-37								

Career Objective:

To associate with a progressive organization and challenging environment
where I can put cent percent of my knowledge, experience, and skill for
qualitative and quantitative growth of the organization and enhance my
skills and move forward in my career path.

Experience : 1.6 Years

Comfortable with : VB.Net, ASP .Net, C# .Net, SQL Server, Crystal Report

Profile:

MCA (Master in Computer Application), 2005)

Skills Summary :

	Operating System	:	Windows XP/2000

	Microsoft Technology	:	VB.Net, ASP.Net, C#.Net.

	Data Base	:	Oracle, SQL Server 2000

	Web Technology	:	HTML, XML, JAVA SCRIPT

	Report	:	Crystal Report

	Web Server	:	IIS

Work History

Total Experience: 1.6 years

Experience Details :

Currently working as a Software Engineer with Edze Software Solutions.
Hyderabad, Since October 2005.

A total of over 1.6 years of comprehensive Information Technology
experiences in MS Technology as a Web Developer.

Having 1.6 years of working experience in .Net Technology i.e. ASP.Net
using VB.Net / C#.Net language for web application and in VB.Net for
Real-Time Systems.

Strong conceptual orientation in object-oriented, Microsoft
Technologies, data store technologies and communication topologies.

Worked closely with the users to define the requirement of new process
and reports. Assisted functional consultants and end users in
identifying and resolving problems.

Gained good exposure to plan and execute all phases of software life
cycle starting with requirement study, analysis, design, development
testing, implementation and maintenance.

Crystal Report : Worked on report in two projects. Done different types
of reports, both Webs based and non-Web based. Simple, Parameterized
Cross Tab reports, Drill down reports etc.

Project Details:

PROJECT	: 1

Title	:	Customer Centric Data

Client	:	Xilinx, USA

Team size	:	8

Role	:	Programmer

Environment	:	C#.Net, Asp.Net 

Duration	:	May 2006 to till date

Description : 

The CCD (Customer Centric Data) is a user friendly, intranet application
developed to maintain clean data of customer’s world wide from
different systems. The application also provides the facilities of Mail
Merge, Email Blasting, Template Creation, Email Status Reports and
Import /Export Customer’s Lists of the customers from or to different
system along with the Cleansing Activities of the customer’s database
to the users based on their roles. 

Solution Provided:

Having a large customer base around the world, Xilinx needs to be able
to generate Targeted sales, marketing and support information that can
facilitate effective and Timely communication to customers. The Customer
Centric Data is precisely the tool that serves the purpose of
consolidating the customer information from Santronix’s internal and
external systems. Customer Centric Data gathers, cleanses, aggregates
and segments. Customer contact info and makes this information available
to internal users.

The whole process of the CUSTOMER CENTRIC DATA application is basically
divided in two main modules.

1. CCD Back-end process: This module comprises of the automated back-end
   procedures for data validations, data cleansing, data aggregation and
data consolidation activities.

2. CCD Front- end process. This module includes the front-end tool
designed for the process of the Monarch Information and Technology
Services for the process of the internal activities of the organization
for e-publicity. 

The following are some of the process improvements as a result of the
CUSTOMER CENTRIC DATA system:

Automation of the manual process of Cleansing and Consolidation of the
Customer’s information received from five different systems with a
high degree of accuracy.

Efficient tools that provide the following functionalities.

• 	Template creation

• 	Target customer list creation through different segmentation
criteria.

• 	Import/exporting of lists.

• 	Refreshing / deletion of the created lists.

• 	Email blasting.

• 	Mail merge functionality for creating form letters labels and
envelops.

• 	User Management.

CUSTOMER CENTRIC DATA provides a unique database that maintains
real-time customer contact information and cleans any kind of duplicate
or erroneous customer contact information. It enables Xilinx marketing
and customer support teams to better target and communicate with their
customers worldwide.

Role: Developed Email blasting Module and Autoload

PROJECT : 2

Title	:	Intranet Communication System

Client	:	Spirent Solutions, USA

Team size	:	6

Role	:	Programmer

Environment	:	VB.Net, Asp.Net

Duration	:	6 months (October 2005 – April 2006)

Description :

The Intranet Communications System (ICS) is a user friendly, intranet
application developed to maintain the effective communication in between
the employees of organizations. This application is like a mini ERP Tool
which contains several processes like shopping, Messaging, Leave
Management System etc.

Solution Provided:

Spirent company is one of the big companies in USA and this company is
providing wireless services through out USA. Around 2000 employees are
working in Spirent Communications.  Where there is a lot of possibility
for communication gap, Hence decided to develop ICS, 

The whole process of the ICS application is basically divided in five
main modules.

Shopping module

Effective Communication System

Employee Management System

Work Management System

Project Management System

Utilities

ICS provides a unique database that maintains real-time customer contact
information and cleans any kind of duplicate or erroneous customer
contact information. It enables xyz marketing and customer support teams
to better target and communicate with their customers worldwide.

Role: Developed Shopping Module

Academic Projects :

Project Title	:	Web Design for ‘EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE’

Client	:	Sparce Communication Ltd.  Hyderabad

Team Size	:	4

Role	:	Coding, Testing 

Environment	:	C#.Net, Asp.Net, HTML, Win2000 

Description :

This project is all about the Design The HAS EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE “A
Sanghai Project” is a web designing project. HASEMPX is supposed to be
an online job placement system that would provide facility for
registration of prospective job seekers as well as employees throughout
the country.

To post resume/job one would call up the local HASEMPX center and leave
one’s details. This detail would be stored in the HASEMPX database
situated at the Hub center

This project has five modules:

Candidate Records Management

Employers Records Management

Job / Resume Posting

Vacancy / Candidate Search

Kiosk Commission

The HASEMPX is being designed keeping in view the following objectives. 

To provide a single platform where the job seekers get a list of their
prospective employers on one hand while the employers can search for a
candidate suitable for its vacancy on the other hand.

Give opportunities to job seekers (present and prospective) to post
their personal / academic & work experience details for being
scrutinized by their prospective employers.

Give a right platform to the employers for displaying their company
details and job description, which not only has promotional objective
but saves cost of recruitment and selection as well.  

To automate the process of recruitment and selection and thus save
reasonable amount of otherwise expenses.

To provide list of best possible candidates to the employer and best
possible job to a candidate.

To maintain an organized record pertaining to Vacancies & Placements of
all users registered with HASEMPX.

The EMPX is being developed as a value added service for the HAS users.
This project adds business to the company’s HAS Project by utilizing
the HAS resources viz., the Kiosk Network & Manpower.   

Strength:

A hardworking, self-motivated, results-oriented individual. I am quick
to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative
solutions to problems. I am able to work well both as part of a team and
on my own initiative and I can demonstrate the levels of motivation and
organization. I have a strong ability to perform effectively.  Ability
to give qualitative output with presenting and cope up with the workload

Ability to work under pressure, stress, and meet dead lines

Ability to work in a team with high level of involvement.

Personalia :

Father’s name	:	Mr.Saghir Ahmad

Date of Birth	:	02-05-1978

Nationality	:	Indian

Passport No.	:	E9374251

Marital Status	:	Single

Sex	:	Male

I  Nehal Ahmad hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are
true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date   : 	Signature

Place :

 PAGE   

.

