Parag Mohan Ghadshi

Career Objective

To be a Software Engineer with good programming skills and contribute to
organization growth with my knowledge, dedication.

Qualification

Degree / Diploma	University / Institution	Year of Passing

Bachelor of Commerce	Mumbai University	2002-2003

Diploma in Information Technology (GNIIT)	NIIT, Andheri(E), Mumbai	2005



Work Experience

Vishwayon Software’s Private Limited, Andheri (E), Mumbai

As a Software Developer from January 2005- Till Date

Professional Experience

Vishwayon Software’s Private Limited, Andheri (E), Mumbai

Client: Solas Marine Services, Dubai

Domain: Human Resource, Accounts, Purchase and Sales.

Team size: 7

Technology: VB.Net, Sql Server 2000.

Role: Software Developer.

Project Description: The system developed provides a complete business
solution for Solas Marine Services. The system consists of the basic
accounting modules, accounts payable, account receivable, journal
entries and various MIS modules. The HR, Sales, Purchase modules are
linked with Accounts module.

Client: Magnum Intergrafix Private Limited, Mangalore

Domain: Accounts, Publication

Team size: 4

Technology: VB.Net, Sql Server 2000.

Role: Software Developer. 

Project Description.  Magnum Intergrafix Private Limited is an
advertising agency. Its Head office is located in Mangalore and there
are various branches throughout India. The system consists of the basic
accounting modules, accounts payable, account receivable, journal
entries and various MIS modules. The publication module helps to publish
different kinds of advertisement to be published through various media.

Client: Magnum Intergrafix Private Limited, Mangalore

Domain: E-Commerce Website Development.

Team size: 4

Technology: Asp.Net, Sql Server 2000, JavaScript.

Role: Software Developer. 

Project Description: This website is an e-commerce online shopping store
for purchasing various products provided by the company.

Client: SerWizSol (Tata’s subsidiary company, Pune) 

Domain: KIA Warehouse.

Team size: 2

Technology: Sql Server 2005, Reporting Services.

Role: Software Developer.

Project Description: This system maintains details of Customer Care
Executives (CCEs) along with the calls on daily basis. Based on this
information various reports are generated as per user requirement.

Client: Kumar Enterprises, Mumbai

Domain: Accounts.

Team size: 4

Technology: VB.Net, Sql Server 2000.

Role: Software Developer.

Project Description: The system developed provides a complete business
solution for Kumar Enterprises. The system consists of the basic
accounting modules, accounts payable, account receivable, journal
entries and various MIS modules.

Academic Details

Examination	Institution	University	Year of Passing	%

B.Com.	Sathaye College, Vile Parle	Mumbai	March 2003	64%

H.S.C	Sathaye College, Vile Parle	Mumbai	March 2000	75%

S.S.C	S.G.B.M. Madhyamic Vidyalaya, Andheri(E)	Mumbai	March 1998	68%



Professional Qualification:

Languages		:  VB.Net, C++, Java, XML.

Web Technologies	:  ASP.Net, HTML.

RDBMS		:  SQL Server 2000/2005.

Scripting Language	:  Java Script

OS			:  Windows, Linux.

Methodology		:  SDLC.

Development Tools	:  Visual Studio .Net, Crystal Reports 9.0, Reporting
Services.

Others			:  Visual Source Safe 6.0

Personal Information       

Date of Birth		:  February 01, 1983.

Address		:  Ganesh Chawl (C/o Usman Chawl),

   Gundavli Hill, Azad Road,

   Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400069.

Contact No		:  9869659805

Email ID		:  parag_y2kin@yahoo.co.in

:    HYPERLINK "mailto:parag_y2kin@rediffmail.com" 
parag_y2kin@rediffmail.com 

Language Known	:  Marathi, English, and Hindi.

Interests

Programming in .Net

Interest in Cricket, Carom and Music. 

Declaration

 I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of
my knowledge and belief.

(Parag Mohan Ghadshi)

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

