RESUME

                      Mr. ABHIJIT VASANT DALVI

       

	I am an energetic and self motivated Electronics Engineering Graduate
from Watumull Institute Of Technology with strong analytical skills,
having experience in education field and Quality Control. I have also
completed IN-PLANT training in Dolphin Mobile Service with an overall
experience in Intelligent Network, VMS, SMS and Website Development for
dolphin mobile service.

Presently working as a Software Engineer in ACE Electromagnetics, Pvt
Ltd., Sakinaka, Mumbai.-72

My technical skills are as follows:

Operating Environment: Windows 98,Unix, Linux.

Programming Languages: C, C++, SQL, VB.NET, ASP.NET

Internet Languages: HTML, WML, XML, CSS.

Protocols: TCP/IP, SS7, WAP.

Software:  Front Page,  ALTOVA XML Spy 2005

Database:  MS Access , SQL Server 2005

Professional Qualification:

Secured First Class (62.90%) B.Sc.(Tech.) degree- a post B.Sc. three
year degree programme of Mumbai University; in Electronics Engineering
including Industrial Electronics and Tele-communication in year
2001-2002, from Watumull Institute of Technology, Worli, Mumbai.

The institution is recognized by AICTE, Institution of Engineering
(India) and through it, by the International Confederation of
Institution of Engineers.

Educational Qualifications:

Name of Examination / Degree	University / Board / Institution	Year of
Passing	Percentage

B.Sc(Tech./E & TC)	Wattumul Institute of Technology/ Mumbai University

	Sept 2002	62.90%

B.Sc.(Physics)	K.J.Somaiya College / Mumbai University	March 1999	67.30%

H.S.C 	Mumbai Board	March 1994	58.50%

S.S.C	Mumbai Board	March 1992	62.70%



Professional Experience :

Organization : ACE Electromagnetics Pvt Ltd.,

A Indian manufacturing company of Electronic / Electrical devices. Now 
growing in the field of  Software development, Product Marketing.

Department : Software Development 

Designation : Software Engineer

Address: ACE Electromagnetics, 61- Bindal Industrial Estate, Sakinaka,
Mumbai-400072. INDIA. 

Period : December 2006 to Till Today

Project-1 : Development of module to handle the Enquiry and Product
servicing requirement by customer.

Description: Operator enters customer  Enquiries or complaints and
allocate subject code depending on input. Based on the subject code the
query is transfered to corresponding department. The concern person

of department will answer the query and make necessary updates. Based on
this reports are generated.

Languages use:  VB.NET using Visual Studio 2005

Database:  SQL Server

Team size: 2

Project-2 : Development of module to maintain the daily attendance and
production output of the employees. Operator will allocate the process
and quantity for the employee. Based on this value, at the evening the
performance is crosschecked.

Languages use:  VB.NET using Visual Studio 2005

Database:  SQL Server

Team size: 2

Project-3 : Development of module to maintain the insurance policy
status of the employee. Use to see the status of the policy of the
selected employee. Also if there is any problem the particular remark is
stored.

Languages use:  VB.NET using Visual Studio 2005

Database:  SQL Server

Team size: 2

Organization : NDS Infoserv a  Division of Anurag Electronics (Gujrat)
Pvt Ltd.

              Founded by a technocrat who was a digital computer
designer in the early 70's, NDS has played a formative role in the early
days of digital computers, entertainment electronics, computer hardware,
peripherals and now Information Technology Enabled Services

Address: NDS InfoServ, AEG Electronics Pvt Ltd., Laxmi Plaza, New Link
Road, Andheri (W),  Mumbai 400 053, INDIA. 

URL : www.ndsinfo.com

1.   Period : August 2004 to May 2006

.

Department : Electronic Data Processing (E.D.P. )

Designation : Q.C. Engineer

Project : Data collection work for the Search Engine  designed for the
Technical Person /Design Engineer . The exact specifications of each
product in the database have been cataloged, allowing users to search
for the exact product they need based on extremely specific criteria.
This "parametric search" functionality ensures that users who search
will receive only the most relevant results-products that meet their
exact needs.

Responsibilities :  

     1.Technical Product Survey on Web site. Studying the product and
Product Parameters

        & Specification from different companies.

     2. Checking the Data  collection form and table for allocated
users, created using software.

3. Doing final QC of collected data.

4. Converting data table into XML format using given software and
validating with  its XML Schema.

5. Uploading XML schema on client web site.

6. Screen building on client Site using  XML Schema and  XML file.

7. Doing QA and QC related processes.

2.  Period : June 2006 to November 2006

Department : Software Development 

Designation : Software Engineer

Project : Development of module for Data Entry Operators.

Description: The Data Entry Operators enters data from scanned images in
required fields. Which is stored in Table and then converted into XML
file.

 

Languages use:  VB.NET using Visual Studio 2005

Database:  SQL Server

Team size: 5

Professional Experience :

Name of the college: Abhinav College of Engineering and Polytechnic.

POST : Lecturer of Branch  Electronic engineering:

Period : February 2003 to July 2004.

              Abhinav College of Engineering and Polytechnic is an ISO
approved college (ISO 9001-2001) affiliated to Dnyaneshwar Vidyapeeth,
Pune.

Lectures held for the following subjects in above college:

 

Class:        Final year degree electronics engineering

Subjects:  1. Data communication.

                 2. Microwave & Optical communication. 

Class:         Third year degree electronics engineering.

Subjects:   1. Industrial Electronics

                  2. Principles Of Control System.

Class:         Second year degree electronics engineering.

                  

Subjects:   1. Electronics-I.

                  2. Electronics-II.

Details of In-Plant Training:

Organization : M.T.N.L.`s Dolphin Mobile Service.

              Mahanagar  Telephone Nigam Ltd.(M.T.N.L.). A Govt of India
Enterprises is one of the prime landline telephone service provider in
the City Mumbai. And as environment changes towards the increasing and
unrestricted competitiveness, MTNL is geared up with the new challenges
ahead and entered as an third mobile service provider in the name of
DOLPHIN in Mumbai using GSM 900 Band Technology on 28-2-2001. 

	 The GSM Network of DOLPHIN consists of one Mobile Switching Center
(M.S.C) installed at Prabhadevi with 149 BTS controlled by five BSC. The
M.S.C is a 5ESS Switch (13.1 Version), a product of Lucent Technologies.

Department : DOLPHIN M.S.C.

Address:        DOLPHIN Mobile Service, MTNL, Prabhadevi, Dadar (W),
Mumbai 400028

Period of In plant Training: March 2002 to September 2002 (7 Months)

Special Features During In plant Training:  

Experience of working in M.S.C. of GSM Network installed by Lucent
Technologies with the study of GSM and 5ESS 2000 Switch MSC.

Experience of working with Voice Mail Service (VMS) and Short Message
Service (SMS) workstations. To provide VMS & SMS facilities to DOLPHIN
Subscribers.

Practical oriented study of Intelligent Network. Intelligent Network
(IN), the technology, one of the major revolution in tele-communication
after Digital Switching & Common Channel Signaling. Intelligent Network
is enabler for the rapid and easy deployment of advance services in
telecommunication Network.

Design & Develop website for Dolphin Mobile Service available on URL
(www.dolphin.mumbai.mtnl.net.in) . Tools uses for the development of
website are HTML, FrontPage, JSP, and Java Script.

Details Of College Project : 

Project name: Fingerprint Verification

	With the advent of electronic banking, security of information stored
in various database is become important. To control unauthorized access
to that information there is strong need of identification is based on
unique characteristics. Compare to PIN & Password, biometric solution is
more reliable. Among all biometric fingerprint based identification is
one of the most mature and proven technique. Fingerprint is the users
own physical property which cannot be stolen or misplaced.

 We developed the most general and simpler approach for fingerprint
verification which basically operates in two stages minutiae extraction
and minutiae matching. Various algorithms have been developed for this
purpose .Among them minutiae based approach is most popular and easier.

 Also this method reduces whole image into some points patterns, hence
matching is also become easy. To achieve this, we develop software for
preprocessing, feature extraction and verification of fingerprint using
Visual Basics & image processing techniques (part of our subject D.S.P.)

Duration of Project: Six months

Software: VB6

Client: College Project.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Full Name :	     ABHIJIT  VASANT  DALVI

Address :               115/Y, Jerome Baug, 

		     Asalpha , Shivpremi Nagar Road, 

		     Ghatkopar (w)

                               Mumbai – 400 084

Phone no.:             9224153236

E-Mail Id :             abhijit.v.dalvi29@gmail.com

                                 

Date of Birth :       29 November 1976.

Sex :                        Male

Marital Status :    Single

Domicile :             Maharashtra

Nationality :          Indian

Knowledge of languages:  Hindi, English, Marathi

Extra curricular activities : Member of I.E.T.E.

Place : Mumbai                                                          
                                 Signature

Date :     /   /       						 

								       ( Abhijit  V. Dalvi )

