                                                                        
                           Mobile No.09921050195

                                                                        
                  Flat No. 20 Sai Niketan, Saibaba Complex,

                                                                        
                  Goregaon ,Mumbai

SATYENDRA KUMAR BUNKAR	     Email: satyendra.bunkar@gmail.com

                                                                        
                    HYPERLINK mailto:satyendra_softengg@yahoo.com 
satyendra_softengg@yahoo.com                                            
                               

Objective:- 

To enhance the growth of organization in technical aspects and all
around development with best of my technical skills and potentials. 

Experience:-

Total 1 year and Eight Month’s of Experience in Software Development,
Analysis, Design, and Development. 

Working Experience:

 I am working with Ideavate Solution Pvt. Ltd Indore as a Software
Engineer since Nov. 2006 to Feb. 2007.

 I had worked with N.I.C. Pune as Developer since July 2005 to October
2006.

Websites: –   HYPERLINK "http://www.ideavate.com" 
http://www.ideavate.com 

	

Professional Qualification:-

M.C.A. With (66%) From Madhav Institute of Technology and Science (MITS)
 Gwalior,  from Rajeev Gandhi Technical University Bhopal (M.P.) in
2003.

Technical Proficiency:-

		

Languages		:      	C#. Net,VB.Net 

	Development Tools	:           Asp.Net ,Vb.Net,C#.Net

	Operating Platform	:	Windows 2000/2003/NT/XP

	Packages		:	OFFICE 97/2000/XP

            DBMS    		: 	SQL Server, PL/SQL

            Expertise		:          Asp.Net,C#.Net,Vb.Net, Sql Server 2000

Projects Undertaken:-

Ehasoft : Training Module

Organization		:	Ideavate Solution Pvt.Ltd.Indore

Technology		:            Asp.Net(Vb.Net), Sql Server 2000

Platform		:	Windows 2000 Professional

Role			:	Developer 

Duration		:	Nov. 2006 –  Feb 2007

Team Size		:	Two

Description: This project is for developing a website that can automate
many of the task pertaining to training the resources in an
organization. Training programs in an organization start with the
identification of the resources and then subsequently Accommodating them
in an preplanned training schedule that is organization wide and then
subsequently evaluation of the training programs for there
effectiveness. All of this is an on going process and our attempt is to
make the administration of the entire process a seamless one for the
management.

      Responsibilities:  Involve in Analysis Design and Development.

Company Sales Management System

      Organization		:	N.I.C. Pune

Technology		:            Asp.Net(C#), Sql Server 2000

Platform		:	Windows 2000 Professional

Role			:	Developer 

Duration		:	May. 2006 – Oct 2006 

Team Size		:	Five

Description: -This project developed for maintaining a Sales Management
System in a company between Company Vender and Customer, This project
had nine modules.

      Responsibilities: - Involve in Analysis, as well as Development of
vendor and customer module.

    3.   KBS  (Knowledge Based System) (  HYPERLINK
"http://smgnts.mah.nic.in/kbs"  http://smgnts.mah.nic.in/kbs )

Organization 		:	N.I.C. Pune

Technology 		:	Asp.Net(C#) PL/SQL

Platform 		:	Windows 2000

Role			:	Developer

Duration 		:	Desc.2005 – May. 2006

Team Size		:	4

      Description: The main purpose of KBS is to provide a complete
information desk. The Site has           been designed and developed
mainly for use of NIC Pune employees to share Information and  
Knowledge. This Side contains all information regarding Administrator,
Technical, Share News and   another NIC intranet sides.

Responsibilities: - Involve in Analysis as well as Development.

4.   AISES(All India School Education Survey) 

Organization 		:	N.I.C. Pune

Client			:	Government of India

Technology 		:	C#.NET, Pl/Sql

Platform 		:	Windows 2000

Role			:	Developer

Duration 		:	 Jul 2005--. Dec.2005

Team Size		:	10 

	Description: The main purpose of All India Educational Surveys (AIES)
conducted periodically by the National Council of Educational Research
and Training (NCERT) under the Ministry of Human Resource Development
(MHRD), Government of India, is to collect, compile and disseminate
information of the country’s overall progress in the area of school
education.  These Surveys provide basic inputs to develop educational
plans at micro-level as well as at macro-level, to formulate educational
policies, and to monitor the progress of various educational schemes of
the Central and State Governments.

	Responsibilities: - Involve in Analysis and Development.

PERSONAL PROFILE:  -

Father’s Name	Shri. Pitamber Prasad Bunkar 

E-Mail	Satyendra_softengg@yahoo.com 

  HYPERLINK "mailto:satyendra.bunkar@gmail.com" 
satyendra.bunkar@gmail.com 

Nationality	Indian

Permanent Address	Tiwari colony, Semri Harchand, dist. Hoshangabad
(M.P.) 

PIN 461668

Contact No.	09921050195,09893449924

Marital Status	Single

Hobbies	Listening music, Playing Cricket



Extra Curriculum Activities   :-

I have won many prizes at state and district level in various cultural
activities like essay writing, speech, debat etc. 

District Level, Inter College Cricket player –year 1997, 1999. 

 Date: -------------						

 Place: -------------					

      

                                                                        
                   (SATYENDRA KUMAR BUNKAR)

 PAGE   

