NILESH PANDURANG JADHAV						

DOB:12/05/1984

C/O S.R.Pawar.				        			               BE Computer Science &
Engineering

Anupam Apartment, Flat No-8,				                	   E-mail:
jadhav.nilesh.p@gmail.com

Right Bhusari Colony, Opp. Kothrud Depot,			                            
              jadhav.nil@gmail.com

Poud Road Pune-29, Maharashtra.    		          	                      
Tel:      09423034585   

                                                                        
                                                                   

Objective: To work for continual progress and accuracy in diverse job
responsibilities through continuous work and 

                   persistence.

Education: 

Degree	University/Board	Year Of Passing	Result

BE (Computer Science and Engineering.)	Shivaji University	May 2005	64.50

HSC	Maharashtra Board	2001	76.33

SSC	Maharashtra Board	1999	70.66



Technical Skills:

Tools                    	- Microsoft Visual Studio 2005

Languages:                     - VB.NET, C#

Web Technologies         - ASP.NET

Database		- SQL Server 2000

Scripting Languages      	- HTML, Java Script

Operating System 	- Windows 2000/XP

Web Server	 	- IIS

Work Experience:  One year Eight months 

Software Developer, Logistix Information Technologies, Mumbai 

Asp.Net, VB.Net, Sql Server 2000   15/05/06-Till Date 

Job Profile: 

                   Developed Site for Intertek Testing Services Pvt.
Ltd.                

	     Developed ERP Solution for Ridham Synthetics Pvt. Ltd

	    Designing, Coding, Debugging and Testing the Forms.

   Writing Stored Procedures, Triggers

Project: Global Supply Chain Compliances   HYPERLINK
"http://www.suppliercompliance.com"  www.suppliercompliance.com 

        Client:   Intertek Testing Services (I) Pvt Ltd., Vikhroli,
Mumbai.

	  Team Size: 4 

         Platform: Windows

Description: Intertek's collaborative web based supply chain management
solution supports organizational managers tasked with the responsibility
of oversight for the effective implementation of supply chain strategic
compliance plans, through advanced proprietary web-based management
tools, an easy to use means in which to rapidly plan, administer, track,
screen, communicate and initiate verification and remedial actions with
vendors, suppliers, agents and foreign manufacturers throughout the
international supply chain.

Using Intertek supply chain management systems help importers, exporters
and other supply chain managers to meet their goals of pro-active cost
effective supply chain management by collecting and packaging trading
partner supply chain data to do with CSR, C-TPAT, Quality Assurance and
other cross-border compliance requirements. Additional benefits include
the ability to achieve and demonstrate an overall "low-risk" security
profile enabling Sarbanes-Oxley compliance through a supply chain
control system of record.

Application deliverables: 

Ability to manage relationships with vendors, agents, facilities,
subcontractors, audit companies and external advisors 

Ability to manage and track multiple types of assessment activities 

Remediation and post assessment management tools 

Assessment financial management tools 

Management reporting and business intelligence 

Role Based access rights 

Automated alerts and escalation 

Internal email / instant messaging features

Technical features:

Database Server: SQL 2000, Works on dot net framework enabled by Windows
2003 server 

Source code in VB.NET ASP.NET 

Application level (role based), login and database security features 

Alerts and Escalation at several points 

Assessment Reports: - PDF restricted access format. 

System Generated Passwords.

Environment: ASP.NET, VB.NET, Sql Server 2000, Win XP.

Project: Enterprise Resource Planning Solution.

       Client: Ridham Synthetics Pvt. Ltd, Mahalaxmi Mumbai.

Team Size: 6 

 Platform: Windows

Description: This project mainly involve modules like Delivery Challan,
Grey Checking, Grey Sequencing,  Production Planning and sequencing ,
Lab Testing, Processing, Bar Code Generation, and Invoicing in which SMS
is sent to broker containing total information about item. I have worked
on Purchase Requisition, Issue Note, Lab Testing and Masters of Items &
Inventory Mgmt. My role is Designing and Coding Forms along with it’s
required Stored Procedures and Debugging, Testing the Code 

Technical features:

Database Server: SQL 2000, Works on dot net framework enabled by Windows
2003 server 

SQL is integrated well with Microsoft products 

Source code in ASP.NET ,VB.NET

Application level (role based), login and database security features 

Front End Scripting:- VB.NET

Reports: - Crystal Reports and Excel Reports. 

Environment: ASP.NET, VB.NET, Sql Server 2000, Win XP

Responsibilities: 

Written business logic, Stored Procedures relating to the forms.

Carried out Functional and Integration testing of different modules of
the application.

Debugging and coding of web forms using ASP.NET with Sql Server 2000 as
backend.

  

Software Developer, Center For Software Excellence, Pune 

 C#, Sql Server 2000 01/09/05 - 30/03/06  Six Months 

Project: School Administration System 

  Client: Company itself.

Description: This s/w has been developed completely based on any school
demand, fulfilling all its necessary  

modules regarding School Administration System. Modules like Student
Information System, Staff Information System, Library Management System,
Students Social Activities, Sports Activity, Total Fee Payment System
and General Alerts etc are provided within this application. 

Technical features:

Database Server: SQL 2000, Works on dot net framework 2.0 

SQL is integrated well with Microsoft products 

Source code in C# 

Application level (role based), login and database security features 

Front End Scripting:- C# 

Reports: - Crystal Reports 

Environment: Visual Studio .NET, C#, Sql Server 2000, Win XP.

Responsibilities: 	

Involved in the development of different modules.

Job involved design, development and maintenance.

Writing Stored Procedures, triggers and business logic. 

Hobbies and Interests:

Reading.

Swimming

Personal Details:

Data of Birth: 12th May 1984

Martial Status: Unmarried

Languages Known: English, Marathi, Hindi.

Passport Number: F4605127 

I hear by declare that the information furnished above is true to the
best of my knowledge

Thank You

Date:                                                                   
                                           Place: Pune

Jadhav Nilesh Pandurang

